abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene, texas.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
18l/36r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport.
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
the runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.0.
14/32 is the runway name of alderney airport.
the runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
amsterdam airport schiphol 1st runway is number 18.

06/24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol.
andrews county airport is 973.0 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
the runway length of andrews county airport is 896.0.
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
antwerp international airport is 12.0 metres above sea level.
antwerp international airport is operated by flemish government.
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439.0.
the runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 518.0.
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa.
11/29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport.
atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority.
13/31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport.
dutch language is spoken in belgium.
curitiba is part of south region, brazil.
danes inhabit denmark.
fallujah is in iraq.
greenville, wisconsin is in united states.
greenville, wisconsin is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
arabic is spoken in iraq.
madrid is in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of united states.
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan.
port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey.
houston is the largest city in texas.
1986 united states bombing of libya was a battle involving united states air force.
boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in united states air force.
11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.

the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade.
azerbaijan is led by prime minister of azerbaijan.
türk şehitleri anıtı is the native name of baku turkish martyrs memorial.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler.
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910.

the architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain,.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
akita museum of art is in japan.
alan b. miller hall is owned by college of william & mary.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has 88002539 in the national register of historic places.
the architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan.

asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city.
buffalo, new york is part of erie county, new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
county limerick is part of munster.
críona ní dhálaigh is the leader of dublin.
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia.
indian people inhabit india.
one of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is los angeles herald-examiner.
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
white south african are an ethnic group in south africa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom.
the isbn number of 1634: the ram rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint.
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
aids (journal) is in united kingdom.
the oclc number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
english language is spoken in a long long way.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane.
the issn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
above the veil was written by garth nix.
above the veil is available in print.
the issn number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
addiction (journal) has the lccn number 93645978.
the academic discipline of addiction (journal) is addiction.
english language is spoken in aenir.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in united states.
english language is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians.
the academic discipline of american journal of mathematics is mathematics.
english language is spoken in castle (novel).
eric flint was born in burbank, california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys.
soho press is in united states.
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber.
asian americans are an ethnic group in united states.
english language is spoken in united states.
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapán play in salvadoran primera división.
the full name of a.f.c. blackpool is "association football club blackpool".
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in the mechanics,.
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
aek athens f.c. ground is in athens.
aek athens f.c. played in 2014-15 football league (greece).
azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in 2014-15 eredivisie.
akron, ohio is in united states.
akron, ohio is located in summit county, ohio.
the full name of akron summit assault is "akron metro futbol club summit assault".
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci plays for chelsea f.c..
christian panucci plays for inter milan.
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona.
gubbio is from the umbria region.
the leader of italy is sergio mattarella.
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b.c..
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stöger plays for 1. fc köln.
rolando maran plays for f.c. bari 1908.
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is in united states.
1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba.
b.m. reddy is the president of acharya institute of technology.


bucharest is the capital of romania.
the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen.
there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university.
alan bean is united states.
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963.

elliot see died on february 28, 1966.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is deceased.
april oneil was created by kevin eastman.

ben urich is "benjamin urich".
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
bibbo bibbowski is "bo bibbowski".
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
black pirate is also known as jon valor.
john buscema won eisner award.
karl kesel is americans.
marv wolfman won kirby award.
peter laird is united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
the area code for albany, georgia is 229.
albany, oregon is part of united states.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by mayor.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico house of representatives.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico senate.
the total area of amarillo, texas is 233.9 (square kilometres).
amarillo, texas is part of randall county, texas.
anderson, indiana is part of richland township, madison county, indiana.
angola, indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level.
the area code for antioch, california is 925.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california.
the population density of arlington, texas is 1472.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed.
the total area of atlantic city, new jersey is 44.125 (square kilometres).
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama.
the total area of auburn, washington is 77.41 (square kilometres).
austin, texas is part of texas.
spanish language is spoken in california.
dunwoody, georgia is the largest city in dekalb county, georgia.
fulton county, georgia is in united states.
anderson, indiana is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is in united states.
detroit is the largest city in michigan.
orange county, california is in united states.
portland, oregon is the largest city in oregon.
fort worth, texas is the largest city in tarrant county, texas.
the leader of united states is barack obama.
united states house of representatives is located in united states capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient in arròs negre.
arròs negre is from the catalonia region.
arròs negre is from the valencian community region.
ayam penyet is from the singapore region.
tomato is an ingredient in blt.
baked alaska is from the hong kong region.

bandeja paisa is in colombian cuisine.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region region.

batagor is a variation of shumai.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region.
bhajji is also known as bhaji, bajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese.
bionico is from the jalisco region.
chicken class is bird.
the currency of india is indian rupee.
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india.
indonesian language is spoken in indonesia.
aristóteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
malaysian malay are an ethnic group in malaysia.
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico.
spanish language is spoken in new york.
shumai is in china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay.
malays (ethnic group) are an ethnic group in sumatra.
david cameron is the leader of united kingdom.
11th mississippi infantry monument, which was established on 2000, belongs to the category of contributing property.
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of monocacy national battlefield. the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick, maryland.
baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. baku turkish martyrs memorial is located in azerbaijan.
baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. türk şehitleri anıtı is the native name of baku turkish martyrs memorial.
akron, ohio is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
salem, oregon is the capital of oregon. albany, oregon is part of oregon.
albuquerque, new mexico is published in united states where the leader is known as united states house of representatives.
amarillo, texas is in united states. amarillo, texas is part of texas.
anaheim, california is part of california. anaheim, california is led by united states house of representatives.
orange county, california is in united states. anaheim, california is part of orange county, california.
adams township, madison county, indiana is in united states. anderson, indiana is part of adams township, madison county, indiana.
the total area of antioch, california is 75.324 (square kilometres). antioch, california is located at 13.0 above sea level.
the total area of arlington, texas is 258.2 (square kilometres). arlington, texas is located at 184.0 above sea level.
texas is in united states. arlington, texas is part of texas.
atlanta is in united states. atlanta is part of georgia.
atlantic city, new jersey is in united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey.
atlantic city, new jersey comes from united states where the capital is washington, d.c.
atlantic county, new jersey is in united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey.
the total area of atlantic city, new jersey is 44.125 (square kilometres). the population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
pierce county, washington is in united states. auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states. albany, oregon is part of united states.
amarillo, texas comes from united states where the capital is washington, d.c.
albuquerque, new mexico is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states. albany, georgia is part of united states.
auburn, alabama is from united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group.
akron, ohio is from united states and written in english language.
albuquerque, new mexico is published in united states where the leader is known as president of the united states.
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy.
arem-arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy and written in italian language.
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
from the valencian community region in spain comes the traditional dish called arròs negre.
the main ingredients of asam pedas, which is eaten in indonesia, are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
from the malaysia region in indonesia comes the traditional dish called ayam penyet.
one variation of blt contains club sandwich, another just uses bacon sandwich as an alternative.
the bacon dish sausage has bacon explosion in sausage.
bacon can be added to bacon sandwich and bacon sandwich nicknames include bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
you can use bacon sandwich inside a blt which also includes bread as one of the ingredients.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france.
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader.
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from united states.
you can use bakewell pudding inside a bakewell tart which also includes fruit preserves as one of the ingredients.
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia.
celery are from the apiaceae family and are an ingredient in bakso.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from colombian cuisine.
barny cakes comes from france where claude bartolone is a leader.
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia.
you can use batagor inside a siomay which also includes peanut sauce as one of the ingredients.
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore.
beef kway teow comes from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader.
the main ingredients of beef kway teow, which is eaten in singapore and indonesia, are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
the demonym for people living in india, where bhajji is located, is indian people.
bhajji comes from india where t. s. thakur is a leader.
binignit is from philippines where igorot people are an ethnic group.
the main ingredients of binignit, which is eaten in philippines, are banana.
the sweet potato dish banana has binignit in banana.
bionico comes from mexico where enrique peña nieto is a leader.
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from guadalajara.
bionico and cake are dessert.
bakso comes from indonesia where joko widodo is a leader.
you can use batagor inside a shumai which also includes shiitake as one of the ingredients.
aarhus airport, operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s, has a runway length of 2777.0.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610.0 metres above sea level.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh, awadh.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
al asad airbase is located in iraq where iraq speak arabic.
united states air force was fighting in invasion of grenada and also operates al asad airbase.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae. poaceae class is monocotyledon.
the surface type of the 877.0 long runway at alderney airport is asphalt.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
the length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres. amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt.
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is 2014.0.
the runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is 3300.0.
andrews county airport is in texas which largest city is houston.
the runway length of angola international airport, which serves the city of luanda, is 3800.0.
at ardmore airport (new zealand), one of the runways is 597.0 long and the third runway is made of poaceae.
211 above sea level, the length of the 1st runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet.
the operating organization for ashgabat international airport is called turkmenistan airlines who have turkmenistan airlines headquarters in turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey and the runway name is 4/22.
atlantic city international airport, operated by port authority of new york and new jersey, has a runway length of 3048.0.
infraero in brasília is operated by afonso pena international airport.
1. fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in 2014-15 regionalliga.
a.c. chievo verona is in verona, italy and has 39371 members.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran. rolando maran was born in italy.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages a.d. isidro metapán and plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
stuart parker (footballer) manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for blackburn rovers f.c..
stuart parker (footballer) manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for irlam town f.c..
a.f.c. fylde is in lancashire and has 3180 members.
a.s. gubbio 1910 is in gubbio and has 5300 members.
a.s. livorno calcio ground is in livorno, a.s. livorno calcio is in the serie b league.
christian panucci manages a.s. livorno calcio and plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f.c..
acf fiorentina s.p.a. (abbreviated to acf fiorentina) has 47290 members.
aek athens f.c. is in greece and has 69618 members.
aek athens f.c. ground is in olympic stadium (athens), aek athens f.c. is in the superleague greece league.
afc ajax (amateurs) ground is sportpark de toekomst, where jong ajax is a tenant.
azal arena is the name of the ground of azal pfk and is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in 2011 pdl season.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio. gubbio is from the umbria region.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c..
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis, which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and is available in e-book.
aip adv. is the abbreviation for aip advances which has the eissn number 2158.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and is available in print.
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages, and a fortress of grey ice isbn number is 0-7653-0633-6.
'a glastonbury romance' was followed by 'weymouth sands' which was by john cowper powys.
a long long way is available in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246.
a long long way has 292 pages, and a long long way isbn number is 0-670-03380-4.
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print.
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735.
a severed wasp is written in english language, which is spoken in great britain.
the print, a severed wasp, has 0-374-26131-8.
founded by julius springer, springer science+business media published 'abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg'.
the isbn number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0-439-92550-9. the literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
'alcatraz versus the evil librarians' was followed by 'alcatraz versus the scriveners bones' which was by brandon sanderson.
american journal of mathematics has the abbreviation of am. j. math. and is part of the academic discipline of mathematics.
american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university.
1634: the ram rebellion comes from united states where the capital is washington, d.c.
a fortress of grey ice comes from united states where the capital is washington, d.c.
a fortress of grey ice is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group.
1 decembrie 1918 university is nicknamed uab. 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba.
visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum is affiliated with acharya institute of technology.
acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. b.m. reddy is the president of acharya institute of technology.
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai. all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology.
kochi is the leader of kerala. awh engineering college is in kerala.
april oneil was created by peter laird, united states.
jill shilling starred in bananaman, broadcasted by bbc.
graeme garden starred in bananaman, broadcasted by stv.
tim brooke-taylor, born in derbyshire, starred in bananaman.
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 (film), starring alan tudyk.
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 (film), starring scott adsit.
steven t. seagle created baymax, a character in big hero 6 (film).
ben urich, whose full name is benjamin urich, was created by roger mckenzie (comic book writer).
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman.
bibbo bibbowski, whose full name is bo bibbowski, was created by marv wolfman.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932. alan bean is retired.
alan shepard was test pilot. alan shepard is deceased.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. glen ridge, new jersey is part of essex county, new jersey.
william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders graduated from afit, m.s. 1962. william anders is retired.
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in united states.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a total floor area of 62145.3 (square metres).
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler. george winkler is in united states.
hok sve, designed 3arena, located on east link bridge.
populous (company), designed 3arena, located on dublin.
marriott international rents ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is in copenhagen.
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
adisham hall is in haputale, sri lanka, and adisham hall has the tudor revival architecture style of architecture.
adisham hall is in sri lanka, and adisham hall has the tudor revival architecture style of architecture.
akita museum of art is from japan where brazilians in japan are an ethnic group.
the address of akita museum of art is 1-4-2 nakadori. akita museum of art has 3 floors.
the address for amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road, gujarat.
austin fernando is the leader of eastern province, sri lanka. ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, united states.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, brooklyn.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, republic of ireland.
alan bean, who is now retired, was born in wheeler, texas.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. leader, joe biden, and buzz aldrin are both united states.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. buzz aldrin is united states. buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963.
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin and was also born in dallas. elliot see is united states.
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin. elliot see, who died in st. louis, was selected by the nasa in 1962.
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin. elliot see died in st. louis where the mayor is francis g. slay.
elliot see passed away on february 28, 1966 in st. louis. st. louis is part of kingdom of france.
purple finch is the bird of new hampshire, the birthplace of alan shepard. alan shepard spent 13017.0 (minutes) in space.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint, can be found in print and has 448 pages.
1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair, which is available in english language. english language is spoken in great britain.
the headquarters of association for computing machinery are located in new york city. alexander l. wolf is the leader of association for computing machinery which is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems.
the discipline of aids (journal), issn number 0269-9370, is hiv. the academic discipline of aids (journal) is hiv/aids.
the discipline of aids (journal), issn number 1473-5571, is hiv. the academic discipline of aids (journal) is hiv/aids.
aip advances was edited by a.t. charlie johnson who resides in united states and where stanford university was a.t. charlie johnson almamater.
a fortress of grey ice, by j. v. jones, has oclc number 51969173 and isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer, by qiu xiaolong, has oclc number 49805501 and isbn number 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states where english language is the language.
a severed wasp was written in united states in english language which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp has 388 pages can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abbreviated to abh. math. semin. univ. hambg. and has the lccn number 32024459 as well as the issn number 1865-8784.
above the veil is an australians novel and was followed by aenir which was written in english language.
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil. english language is spoken in above the veil.
above the veil was written by garth nix, can be found in hardcover and has 248 pages.
acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol. and has the lccn number 60040714 as well as the issn number 0567-7920.
addiction (journal) (which can be abbreviated to addiction) is concerned with the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360-0443.
addiction (journal) was published by wiley-blackwell (parent company john wiley & sons) and has the issn number 0965-2140.
cornell university, new york, affiliated with association of american universities, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil. english language is spoken in aenir.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written in united states in english language which is spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written in united states in english language which is spoken in great britain.
john cowper powys the author of a glastonbury romance was born in shirley, derbyshire. john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog.
the issn number of administrative science quarterly is 0001-8392. founded by sara miller mccune, sage publications published 'administrative science quarterly'.
a severed wasp is a food found in united states where washington, d.c. is the capital and native americans in the united states are a ethnic group.
a wizard of mars is from united states where the language is english language and one of the ethnic groups are african americans.
a wizard of mars is a food found in united states where washington, d.c. is the capital and asian americans are a ethnic group.
a wizard of mars is a traditional dish from united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are the ethnic group.
1634: the ram rebellion is found in united states where the leader is called president of the united states and african americans are one of the ethnic groups.
a fortress of grey ice is found in united states where the leader is called president of the united states and native americans in the united states are one of the ethnic groups.
jens härtel has been manager of 1. fc magdeburg and plays for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schöneiche.
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for a.s.d. licata 1931 and a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
associazione calcio lumezzane spa is abbreviated to a.c. lumezzane, a.c. lumezzane have 4150 members and play in the lega pro/a league.
jorge humberto rodríguez has been manager of a.d. isidro metapán and plays for alianza f.c. and el salvador national football team.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis chairman is antonis milionis. a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is in efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members.
association football club blackpool (abbreviated to a.f.c. blackpool) has 1500 members and are based in blackpool.
stuart parker (footballer) has been manager of a.f.c. blackpool and plays for chesterfield f.c. and runcorn f.c. halton.
dave challinor has been manager of a.f.c. fylde and plays for colwyn bay f.c. and stockport county f.c..
livorno calcio s.p.a. (abbreviated to a.s. livorno calcio) has 19238 members and are based in livorno, italy.
carpi f.c. 1909 have been champions of serie b and a.s. livorno calcio also play in serie b. the manager of a.s. livorno calcio is christian panucci.
christian panucci has been manager of a.s. livorno calcio and plays for chelsea f.c. and real madrid c.f..
aek athens f.c. ground is in greece and aek athens f.c. play in the superleague greece league whose champions are olympiacos f.c..
gus poyet has been manager of aek athens f.c. and plays for chelsea f.c. and real zaragoza.
the ground of afc ajax (amateurs) is located in amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader. amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam.
the ground of afc ajax (amateurs) is located in amsterdam where eberhard van der laan is the leader. amsterdam-noord is part of amsterdam.
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and i̇stanbulspor a.ş..
campeonato brasileiro série c in brazil is the ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c.
luciano spalletti has been manager of a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c. and udinese calcio.
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for a.s.d. licata 1931 and s.s. chieti calcio.
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925 and u.s. castrovillari calcio.
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for s.s. chieti calcio and u.s. castrovillari calcio.
103 colmore row located on colmore row, was designed by john madin born in birmingham.
200 public square is in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, whose leader is frank g. jackson.
there are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue, united states, with a total floor area of 30843.8 (square metres).
300 north lasalle is in chicago, dupage county, illinois, whose leader is rahm emanuel.
the architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler. george winkler is in united states. 320 south boston building has 22 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena, which was completed december 2008 and is located on north wall quay.
marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen; which is located in denmark and has 23 floors.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3xn and has 23 floors. marriott international is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen.
bloomsbury born augustus pugin designed adare manor and other significant buildings including palace of westminster.
philip charles hardwick are the architects of adare manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by j. p. mcmanus.
adisham hall, located in haputale, is in the architectural style of "tudor and jacabian" and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall, located in sri lanka, is in the architectural style of "tudor and jacabian" and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka, which is led by ranil wickremesinghe.
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka where adisham hall is located. the currency of sri lanka is sri lankan rupee.
the construction of alan b. miller hall began in 30 march 2007. mason school of business is located in united states, and are the current tenants of alan b. miller hall.
san francisco born julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds and other significant buildings including riverside art museum.
california born julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds and other significant buildings including chinatown, san francisco.
asilomar conference grounds located on asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california was added to the national register of historic places on february 27, 1987 and has the reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 in avenue a (manhattan) and was added to the national register of historic places, on april 23, 1980.
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 in new york city and was added to the national register of historic places, on april 23, 1980.
birmingham, which is led by conservative party (uk), is the home town of john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
liberal democrats is a leader in birmingham where john madin who designed 103 colmore row was born.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia, which is led by hailemariam desalegn.
the leader of gujarat is anandiben patel and amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat. amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat.
marriott international, with bill marriott as a key leader, is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in bethesda, maryland.
albany, georgia is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. albany, georgia is part of dougherty county, georgia.
the total area of albuquerque, new mexico is 490.9 (square kilometres). albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico senate. the population density of albuquerque, new mexico is 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
alpharetta, georgia is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia.
alpharetta, georgia is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia (u.s. state).
alpharetta, georgia is a food found in united states where washington, d.c. is the capital and asian americans are a ethnic group.
anaheim, california has an utc offset of -7. the area code for anaheim, california is 657, 714. the total area of anaheim, california is 131.6 (square kilometres).
anaheim, california is part of california. anaheim, california, led by california state senate, is the location of california state capitol.
lafayette township, madison county, indiana is in united states. anderson, indiana is part of indiana. anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana.
angola, indiana is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california. contra costa county, california is part of san francisco bay area. antioch, california is led by united states house of representatives.
tarrant county, texas is in united states. fort worth, texas is the county seat of tarrant county, texas. arlington, texas is part of tarrant county, texas.
atlanta is a food found in united states where washington, d.c. is the capital and asian americans are a ethnic group.
the area code for atlanta is 404. the total area of atlanta is 347.1 (square kilometres). the population density of atlanta is 1299.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
atlantic city, new jersey is in united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey. newark, new jersey is the largest city in new jersey.
atlantic county, new jersey is in united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county, new jersey. new york city is the largest city in united states.
alabama is in united states. auburn, alabama is part of alabama. auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where washington (state) is located. auburn, washington is part of washington (state).
olympia, washington is the capital of washington (state) where united states is located. auburn, washington is part of washington (state).
atlanta is the capital of georgia (u.s. state). albany, georgia is part of dougherty county, georgia. albany, georgia is part of georgia (u.s. state).
madison county, indiana is in united states. alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana. anderson, indiana is the largest city in madison county, indiana.
trenton, new jersey is the capital of new jersey where united states is located. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
arlington, texas is part of texas. english language is spoken in texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where attica, indiana is located. attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where fountain county, indiana is located. attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana.
akron, ohio is located in united states, washington, d.c. and the language is english language.
akron, ohio is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio.
albany, oregon is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon.
albuquerque, new mexico is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. the leader of united states is barack obama.
albany, georgia is from united states where the language is english language and one of the ethnic groups are african americans.
angola, indiana is from united states where the language is english language and one of the ethnic groups are asian americans.
operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s, aarhus airport, has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and a runway named 10r/28l.
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid, new york and the city of saranac lake, new york. the runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003.0.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, community of madrid, spain.
agra airport, in uttar pradesh has an identifier of viag and is operated by indian air force.
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq, the airbase has a runway length of 3992.88.
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and using mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle as an aircraft fighter.the 1986 united states bombing of libya was carried out by united states air force.
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and using mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle as an aircraft fighter.the invasion of grenada was carried out by united states air force.
the 1st runway of alderney airport, which serves the city of alderney, is made of poaceae and is 877.0 long.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport.
allama iqbal international airport (in punjab, pakistan), has a runway named 18l/36r and a runway that is 2900.0 long.
at an elevation of 210 above seal level, alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, in united states.
andrews county airport in texas is 973.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
andrews county airport in texas is 973.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas whose capital is austin, texas. english language is one language spoken there.
andrews county airport is located in texas (united states) where the inhabitants have the demonym tejano.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is in belgium, where they speak german language.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in four world trade center.
the location of atlantic city international airport is egg harbor township, new jersey, united states and atlantic city international airport has a 3048.0 meters runway.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore which is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is found in madrid which is part of community of madrid. the leader party at madrid is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is found in madrid (spain) where the leader party is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is found in san sebastián de los reyes (spain) where the leader party is peoples party (spain).
11th mississippi infantry monument is in united states. carroll county, maryland is southeast of adams county, pennsylvania, where 11th mississippi infantry monument is located.
carroll county, maryland is southeast of adams county, pennsylvania, where 11th mississippi infantry monument is located. 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg, pennsylvania.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan where baku turkish martyrs memorial is located. türk şehitleri anıtı is the native name of baku turkish martyrs memorial.
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade. national assembly (azerbaijan) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan, where baku turkish martyrs memorial is found.
atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is located in turkey, of which the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu.
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
arem-arem is found javanese cuisine and arem-arem main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomato are in the division of flowering plant and part of the solanaceae family. tomato are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
olive oil is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from the rome region of italy.
tomato is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from the rome region of italy.
asam pedas is malaysia from malay peninsula. the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, which leader is arifin zakaria and asam pedas capital is kuala lumpur.
ayam penyet is a popular dish from malaysia, and indonesia where malaysian chinese are a ethnic group.
blt is a variation of both club sandwich and bacon sandwich (which contains lettuce).
bacon explosion is a traditional dish from united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are the ethnic group.
bacon explosion is a food found in united states, which leader is john roberts and bacon explosion capital is washington, d.c..
blt is a variation of both club sandwich and bacon sandwich (which contains bread).
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the new york region of france.
baked alaska originates from the country of france where the currency is euro and the leader is manuel valls.
christmas pudding is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the new york region of united states.
an ingredient of baked alaska is sponge cake which, along with cookie, are dessert.
bakewell pudding is dessert made of ground almond, jam, butter, eggs. bakewell pudding is found derbyshire dales.
bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and some of the main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs. bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region.
beef is an ingredient of bakso which comes from the indonesia region of entity-4.
avocado is an ingredient of bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine.
hogao is an ingredient of bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region region of colombian cuisine.
barny cakes is a native food of france where the leaders are claude bartolone and manuel valls.
the main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
the main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
beef kway teow is located in the region of nationwide in singapore and indonesia of singapore, which is led by tony tan.
sesame oil is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region of indonesia.
oyster sauce is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region of singapore and indonesia.
bhajji originates from the country of india where the currency is indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
an ingredient of binignit is banana which, along with cookie, are dessert.
an ingredient of binignit is sago which, along with cookie, are dessert.
an ingredient of binignit is taro which, along with cookie, are dessert.
two of the main ingredients in binignit are sweet potato and banana (of the order of solanales).
bionico originates in mexico. bionico contains granola and is served as dessert.
raisin is an ingredient of bionico which comes from the guadalajara region of mexico.
bionico originates from the country of mexico where the currency is mexican peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
amatriciana sauce is a food found in italy, which leader is pietro grasso and amatriciana sauce capital is rome.
batchoy is from philippines where the language is arabic and one of the ethnic groups are igorot people.
beef kway teow is in english language speaking singapore, where english language is tony tan.
tomato, an ingredient in amatriciana sauce, is part of the solanaceae family and is an member of the solanales order.
awh engineering college has a staff size of 250 and is located in india. awh engineering college is in kerala.
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students. acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore.
kochi is the leader of kerala. awh engineering college is in kerala.
the anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!. 1 decembrie 1918 university is from romania where germans of romania are an ethnic group.
1 decembrie 1918 university is a traditional dish from romania where klaus iohannis is the leader and germans of romania are the ethnic group.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association. school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928. the headquarters of european university association is in brussels.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus, denmark.
asterix (comicscharacter) was created by albert uderzo and rené goscinny who is french people.
bananaman starred tim brooke-taylor and was broadcast for the last time by bbc on april 15, 1986.
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6 (film), big hero 6 (film) that stars scott adsit and in which baymax makes baymax first appearance.
big hero 6 (film), a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, starred scott adsit and included baymax.
big hero 6 (film), a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, starred ryan potter and included baymax.
blockbuster (comicscharacter) is also known as mark desmond and was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox.
bolt (comicscharacter) is also known as larry bolatinsky and was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn (comics).
bolt (comicscharacter) is also known as larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colón and gary cohn (comics).
103 colmore row has 23 floors and was built between 1973 and 1976 in birmingham.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cape town is the capital of south africa, and ethnic groups are asian south africans and coloured.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states and the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue in buffalo, new york cost 110 million (dollars) and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 (square metres).
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, united states, where rahm emanuel is a leader.
300 north lasalle in illinois has 60 floors, a total area of 120770.0 (square metres) and was completed in 2009.
leinster and republic of ireland are parts of dublin, the location of 3arena. 3arena is owned by live nation entertainment.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is in copenhagen and has marriott international as ac hotel bella sky copenhagen tenant. ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3xn and has 23 floors.
adare manor is in adare, county limerick in munster. limerick city and county council govern munster.
akita museum of art is an art museum in akita, akita, akita prefecture, japan, where there is an ethnic group of brazilians in japan.
akita museum of art is an art museum in akita, akita, akita prefecture, japan, where there is an ethnic group of filipinos in japan.
akita museum of art can be found in akita, akita in akita prefecture in japan, where the ethnic group is vietnamese people in japan.
akita museum of art can be found in akita, akita in akita prefecture in japan, where the ethnic group is brazilians in japan.
college of william & mary own alan b. miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 at 101 ukrop way, williamsburg, virginia.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where main leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913 on pacific grove, california. asilomar conference grounds was added to the national register of historic places on february 27, 1987 with 87000823.
asser levy public baths was constructed in 1904 on avenue a (manhattan). asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980 with 80002709.
asser levy public baths is a location in new york city, brooklyn, manhattan where the leader is cyrus vance, jr..
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, manhattan, united states, where gale brewer is a leader.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect, john madin who was born in birmingham which has b postcode area and is where andrew mitchell are the leaders.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect, john madin who was born in birmingham which has b postcode area and is where labour party (uk) are the leaders.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where main leaders are anandiben patel and sumitra mahajan.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, where main leaders are narendra modi and t. s. thakur.
akita museum of art can be found in akita, akita in akita prefecture in japan, where the ethnic group is brazilians in japan.
london, the united kingdom capital is lead via parliament of the united kingdom along with elizabeth ii. united kingdom is the location of 20 fenchurch street.
english language is the language of united states, where the leader is president of the united states joe biden. 250 delaware avenue is an address located in united states.
11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is in united states. 11th mississippi infantry monument, established in 2000 is in pennsylvania.
baku, the azerbaijan capital is lead via prime minister of azerbaijan along with artur rasizade. azerbaijan is the location of baku turkish martyrs memorial.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. baku turkish martyrs memorial is located in azerbaijan. türk şehitleri anıtı is the native name of baku turkish martyrs memorial.
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in monocacy national battlefield and was founded july 11, 1907. monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county, maryland. the city nearest to monocacy national battlefield is frederick, maryland.
ankara is the capital of turkey. the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoğlu and atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is located in turkey. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is made from bronze.
atatürk monument (i̇zmir) was designed by pietro canonica. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) was in augurated on july 27, 1932. turkey, led by president of turkey, is the location of atatürk monument (i̇zmir).
albany, georgia is from united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group. albany, georgia is part of georgia (u.s. state). english language is spoken in united states.
the area code for albuquerque, new mexico is 505, 575. the land area, of albuquerque, new mexico, is 486.2 (square kilometres). the total area of albuquerque, new mexico is 490.9 (square kilometres). the population density of albuquerque, new mexico is 1142.3 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
alpharetta, georgia is in united states. atlanta is the county seat of fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia (u.s. state).
the capital of united states is washington, d.c.. united states is the location of potter county, texas and the home of one of the ethnic groups of united states who are african americans. amarillo, texas is part of potter county, texas.
austin, texas is the capital of texas where amarillo, texas is located. amarillo, texas is part of potter county, texas. potter county, texas is in texas.
anaheim, california is part of california. spanish language is spoken in california. anaheim, california, led by california state assembly, is the location of california state capitol.
the total area of anderson, indiana is 107.43 (square kilometres). anderson, indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level. anderson, indiana is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union. the population density of anderson, indiana is 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
the total area of angola, indiana is 16.55 (square kilometres). angola, indiana is in united states. angola, indiana is part of indiana. angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana.
antioch, california has an utc offset of -7. the area code for antioch, california is 925. the total area of antioch, california is 75.324 (square kilometres). the total population of antioch, california is 102372.
the area code for atlantic city, new jersey is 609. the total area of atlantic city, new jersey is 44.125 (square kilometres). atlantic city, new jersey is led by mayors of atlantic city, new jersey. the population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
auburn, alabama is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama. lee county, alabama is in alabama.
lee county, alabama is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group. auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama. lee county, alabama is in alabama.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where pierce county, washington is located. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington. auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where auburn, washington is located. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington. auburn, washington is part of washington (state).
san marcos, texas is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin, texas is part of hays county, texas. austin, texas is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
anaheim, california is part of california. chinese language is spoken in california. anaheim, california, led by california state assembly, is the location of california state capitol.
georgia (u.s. state) is in united states. atlanta is the county seat of fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia (u.s. state).
indianapolis is the capital of indiana where lafayette township, madison county, indiana is located. anderson, indiana is part of indiana. anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana.
texas is in united states. arlington, texas is part of texas. english language is spoken in texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
the capital of united states is washington, d.c.. united states is the location of albany, oregon and the home of one of the ethnic groups of united states who are african americans. albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where new jersey is located. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey. new york city is the largest city in united states.
albuquerque, new mexico is from united states where african americans are an ethnic group. the leader of united states is barack obama. united states is led by president of the united states.
albuquerque, new mexico is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. the leader of new mexico senate is john sánchez. albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico senate.
the capital of united states is washington, d.c.. united states is the location of albany, oregon and the home of one of the ethnic groups of united states who are asian americans. albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon.
albuquerque, new mexico is from united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group. the leader of united states is barack obama. albuquerque, new mexico is led by mayor of albuquerque.
albany, georgia is from united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group. albany, georgia is part of united states. english language is spoken in united states.
angola, indiana is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. angola, indiana is part of indiana. english language is spoken in united states.
angola, indiana is from united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. angola, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana. english language is spoken in united states.
along with managing 1. fc magdeburg, jens härtel is a player in 1. fc union berlin and plays for fsv zwickau and sv babelsberg 03.
italy born rolando maran manages a.c. chievo verona. rolando maran also plays for carrarese calcio and f.c. bari 1908.
italy born michele marcolini manages a.c. lumezzane. michele marcolini also plays for a.c. chievo verona and torino f.c..
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis chairman is antonis milionis. efxeinoupoli is the home ground of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis who compete in a epsth 2nd group. a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members.
stuart parker (footballer) is a footballer attached to stockport county f.c. and the manager of a.f.c. blackpool. a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool where the leaders are conservative party (uk).
stuart parker (footballer) is a footballer attached to stockport county f.c. and the manager of a.f.c. blackpool. a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool where the leaders are gordon marsden.
the fullname of a.f.c. fylde is association football club fylde and a.f.c. fylde home ground is warton, fylde, lancashire. a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season.
the fullname of a.f.c. fylde is association football club fylde and a.f.c. fylde home ground is bryning lane. a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and competed in the 2014 season.
along with managing acf fiorentina, paulo sousa is a player in inter milan and plays for juventus f.c. and maccabi tel aviv f.c..
aek athens f.c. which has 69618 members plays at aek athens f.c. home ground at greece. aek athens f.c. are in superleague greece and played in the 2014 season.
sportpark de toekomst is owned and operated by afc ajax n.v. and sportpark de toekomst tenants include afc ajax (amateurs) and jong ajax.
the full name of afc ajax (amateurs) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs and afc ajax (amateurs) nickname is joden, godenzonen. afc ajax (amateurs) played in 2014 in 2014 and have 5000 members.
along with managing az alkmaar, john van den brom is a player in afc ajax and plays for netherlands national football team and vitesse arnhem.
the ground for agremiação sportiva arapiraquense is estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca located in alagoas. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense competes in campeonato brasileiro série c which was previously won by vila nova futebol clube.
campeonato brasileiro série c in brazil is the ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c. estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas.
campeonato brasileiro série c in brazil is the ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c. estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca.
the ground of akron summit assault is located at st. vincent-st. mary high school in the city of akron, ohio, summit county, ohio, united states.
rome is the capital of italy. the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy. the leader of italy is pietro grasso and/or sergio mattarella.
along with managing 1. fc köln, peter stöger is a player in fc admira wacker mödling and plays for fk austria wien and sk vorwärts steyr.
abilene regional airport of abilene, texas has a runway named 17l/35r with a 2194.0 length and abilene regional airport is 546 above sea level.
lake placid, new york, and the city of saranac lake, new york are served by adirondack regional airport. adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 2003.0.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport has a runway name of 18l/36r with a length of 3500.0.
indian air force is the operating organisation of agra airport, which can be found in india. agra airport iata location identifier is agr and agra airport icao location identifier is' viag '.
al asad airbase is located in iraq and is operated by united states air force. al asad airbase has a runway name of 08/26 with a length of 3990.0.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and is operated by united states air force. al asad airbase has a runway name of 09r/27l with a length of 3990.0.
united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and fought in invasion of grenada. united states air force deploy lockheed ac-130 on united states air force aircraft carriers and also use the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle fighter aircraft.
allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority. allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol of amsterdam has a runway named 09/27 buitenveldertbaan with a 2014.0 length and amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level.
amsterdam airport schiphol of amsterdam has a runway named 18l/36r aalsmeerbaan with a 2014.0 length and amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews, texas and is located in texas. andrews county airport is 973.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the people are known as tejano and the capital city is austin, texas.
the capital of texas in united states is austin, texas. the language spoken in texas is english language and texas is the location of andrews county airport.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, serves luanda which is located in angola and is part of luanda province.
antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region and operated by flemish government. antwerp international airport is located 12.0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines, the headquarters of which are in ashgabat, in turkmenistan. the hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata. athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey and is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states where the leader is don guardian.
egg harbor township, new jersey is located in united states, where south jersey transportation authority is leader. stephen dilts is located here. atlantic city international airport is owned by south jersey transportation authority.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. charles michel leads that country where german language is the spoken language.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. philippe of belgium leads that country where french language is the spoken language.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, new york, part of essex county, new york and harrietstown, new york, united states.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. fuad masum leads that country where kurdish languages is the spoken language.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. haider al-abadi leads that country where kurdish languages is the spoken language.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab, pakistan, pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plant and is in the class monocotyledon. alderney airport is made from poaceae.
bbc, which is located in broadcasting house, and where rona fairhead is a key person, once broadcasted bananaman and has a product called bbc radio.
jill shilling stars in bananaman which was created by steve bright. bananaman was first broadcast by stv on october 3, 1983.
americans, duncan rouleau created baymax which appeared in big hero 6 (film) alongside the star of big hero 6 (film), ryan potter.
bolt (comicscharacter), also known as "larry bolatinsky" was created by ernie colón and gary cohn (comics) (puerto ricans).
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis. demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes and grantville gazette iii preceded 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the ram rebellion by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al. which has 512 pages and is available in e-book can be found by 1634: the ram rebellion isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
in united kingdom, elizabeth ii is the leader and aids (journal) was published here by lippincott williams & wilkins (parent company wolters kluwer).
a fortress of grey ice, written by j. v. jones, is available in hardcover. a fortress of grey ice oclc number is 51969173 and isbn number is 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer, written by qiu xiaolong, is available in hardcover. a loyal character dancer oclc number is 49805501 and isbn number is 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer was originally published in united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group. a loyal character dancer was published in english language which is spoken in great britain.
united states is written in english language and published by a loyal character dancer who are based in soho press. in addition asian americans are an ethnic group in soho press.
a wizard of mars by diane duane which has 560 pages and is available in hardcover can be found by a wizard of mars isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviation acta math. hungar.) is part of the academic discipline of mathematics. acta mathematica hungarica has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236-5294.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbreviation acta palaeontol. pol.) is part of the academic discipline of paleobiology. acta palaeontologica polonica has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567-7920.
acta palaeontologica polonica, abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol., is published by polish academy of sciences. acta palaeontologica polonica has an issn number of 1732-2421 and an lccn number of 60040714.
cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities and association of public and land-grant universities. cornell university is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. cornell university is in new york.
cornell university is affiliated with association of public and land-grant universities. cornell university in the city of ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. cornell university is in new york.
aenir by garth nix which has 233 pages and is available in paperback can be found by aenir isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was originally published in united states where african americans are an ethnic group. alcatraz versus the evil librarians was published in english language which is spoken in great britain.
johns hopkins university press is in united states. american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878. johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who publish american journal of mathematics.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was originally published in united states where asian americans are an ethnic group. alcatraz versus the evil librarians was published in english language which is spoken in great britain.
a wizard of mars is from united states where barack obama is the leader. a wizard of mars is written in english language which is the language spoken in great britain.
a wizard of mars comes from united states and is published in english language. barack obama leads united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in united states.
a wizard of mars is from united states where barack obama is the leader. a wizard of mars is written in english language which is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp comes from united states and is published in english language. barack obama leads united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in united states.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and is a citizen of united states. alan bean spent 100305.0 (minutes) in space. alan bean was chosen by nasa in 1963.
alan shepard distinguished service medal (united states navy) ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal. nasa's apollo 14 crew included alan shepard.
william anders was born in british hong kong. frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. chris patten served as a representative of british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was also born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin, born in glen ridge, new jersey, was fighter pilot a member of apollo 11 crew. buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963.
the number of buzz aldrin's awards are 20. buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr.. nasa's apollo 11 crew included buzz aldrin.
the number of alan shepard's awards are distinguished service medal (united states navy). alan shepard (born in new hampshire) died in california. distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than department of commerce gold medal.
alan shepard was awarded distinguished service medal (united states navy). alan shepard died in california. distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than department of commerce gold medal. dianne feinstein is a senator in california.
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin and was also born in dallas. elliot see died in st. louis. elliot see is united states.
william anders was fighter pilot. nasa's apollo 8 crew included william anders. william anders was chosen by nasa in 1963.
kuttikkattoor, india is the location of awh engineering college which was established in 2001. ganges is a river in india.
india acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and acharya institute of technology is located in in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090..
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university. acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore in india. dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology.
all india council for technical education is located in mumbai. tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation. tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology. all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology.
bucharest is the capital of romania. 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia in romania. alba iulia is part of alba county.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus in denmark. aarhus is governed by magistrate. lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark.
there are 250 academic staff at awh engineering college in the city of kuttikkattoor. kochi is the leader of kerala. awh engineering college is in kerala.
the anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!. the capital of romania is bucharest. romania is the location of 1 decembrie 1918 university and the home of one of the ethnic groups of romania who are germans of romania.
bucharest is the capital of romania. 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia in romania. klaus iohannis is the leader of romania.
amatriciana sauce originated from the region of lazio, italy. the main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella.
arròs negre originated from the region of catalonia, spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
arròs negre originated from the region of catalonia, spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
arròs negre is a food found in catalonia, spain. arròs negre leader is parliament of catalonia and arròs negre ethnic group are spaniards.
malaysia is the country asam pedas comes from in the sumatra region. ethnic groups in sumatra include malaysian malay and batak.
malaysia is the country asam pedas comes from in the sumatra region. ethnic groups in sumatra include malays (ethnic group) and minangkabau people.
bacon explosion comes from united states where barack obama was once leader. the capital is washington, d.c. and asian americans are one ethnic group.
bacon explosion comes from united states where john roberts was once leader. the capital is washington, d.c. and asian americans are one ethnic group.
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is united kingdom where bacon sandwich is often served with ketchup. variations include the blt and club sandwich.
bacon sandwich are popular in united kingdom and the main ingredients in bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. other names for bacon sandwich include bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
cookie is dessert and so is baked alaska, which comes from united states, where african americans are an ethnic group.
baked alaska originated from the region of paris, new york or hong kong, united states. the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
baked alaska originated from the region of hong kong, france, united states or china. the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
baked alaska originated from the region of hong kong, united states. the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart, a dish from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire. the ingredients of bakewell tart include fruit preserves.
bakso originated from the region of nationwide in indonesia, also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries, indonesia. the main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
bakso originated from the region of indonesia, ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots. the main ingredients are entity-4.
bandeja paisa originated from the region of paisa region, colombian cuisine. the main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
bandeja paisa originated from the region of paisa region, colombian cuisine. the main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
barny cakes come from france where french language is spoken and françois hollande and/or gérard larcher are the leader.
the country that batagor comes from is indonesia where batagor is often served with shumai. variations include the shiitake and siomay.
batchoy originated from the region of la paz, iloilo city, philippines. the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
batchoy is soup eaten in philippines. the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
beef kway teow originated from the region of nationwide in singapore and indonesia, singapore. the main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is served singapore. singapore and indonesia leader is halimah yacob and the language spoken there is standard chinese.
beef kway teow originated from the region of singapore, indonesia. the main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
bhajji (also called bhaji, bajji) originates from karnataka, india. vegetable is a main ingredient.
bhajji, otherwise known as bhaji, bajji, comes from the karnataka region. the main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables.
sweet potato, which is an ingredient in binignit along with the main ingredient of sago, belongs to the order of solanales flowering plant.
binignit originated from the region of visayas, philippines. the main ingredients are coconut milk.
bionico is from the jalisco region of mexico. bionico is dessert that includes granola.
bionico originated from the region of guadalajara, mexico. the main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, raisins.
bionico is dessert originates from mexico and mexico leader is silvano aureoles conejo. sandesh is cookie.
tapioca is an ingredient of bakso, an dish from indonesia, jusuf kalla, where entity-5 is an leader.
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore, java. ayam penyet leader is tony tan and ayam penyet ethnic group are baduy.
ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from philippines, where philippine spanish is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish.
igorot people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from philippines, where arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish.
cookie and binignit can both be served as dessert. binignit comes from philippines where philippine english is spoken.
sandesh (confectionery) and binignit can both be served as dessert. binignit comes from philippines where philippine english is spoken.
1634: the bavarian crisis, written by virginia demarce and eric flint was preceded by grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english language.
cornell university is affiliated with association of american universities. affiliated with association of public and land-grant universities, cornell university is in the city of ithaca, new york, with cornell university president elizabeth garrett cornell university publishes administrative science quarterly.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states, where many people are african americans and english language (english language of great britain) is largely spoken.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states, where many people are native americans in the united states and english language (english language of great britain) is largely spoken.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in united states, where many people are asian americans and english language (english language of great britain) is largely spoken.
a severed wasp is a novel from united states where english language is spoken (as in great britain). the capital of united states is washington, d.c. and native americans in the united states are a ethnic group there.
into battle (novel) is an australians novel that was preceded by above the veil. aenir is the sequel to into battle (novel) and was followed by castle (novel) and the violet keystone.
a severed wasp comes from united states, where a leader is barack obama and where asian americans are a ethnic group. a severed wasp was written in bridge-1which is english language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp comes from united states, where a leader is barack obama and where asian americans are a ethnic group. a severed wasp was written in bridge-1which is english language spoken in great britain.
1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair and originates in united states. united states is led by barack obama from the capital city of washington, d.c.. united states contains the ethnic group of asian americans.
1634: the ram rebellion comes from united states, where barack obama is the president, and united states capital city is washington, d.c.. americans inhabit united states, with a sub-group being african americans.
a wizard of mars was published in united states, where asian americans are one ethnic group and the leader is called president of the united states. english language spoken united states is english language, originated in great britain.
the demonym for people living in united states, where albany, georgia is located, is americans. asian americans are an ethnic group in united states. albany, georgia is part of georgia (u.s. state). united states is led by president of the united states.
alpharetta, georgia is from united states where native americans in the united states are an ethnic group. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia (u.s. state). atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where texas is located. amarillo, texas is part of potter county, texas. english language is spoken in united states. potter county, texas is in texas.
austin, texas is the capital of texas where amarillo, texas is located. amarillo, texas is part of potter county, texas. english language is spoken in texas. potter county, texas is in texas.
austin, texas is the capital of texas where potter county, texas is located. amarillo, texas is part of potter county, texas. english language is spoken in texas. potter county, texas is in texas.
the total area of anderson, indiana is 107.43 (square kilometres). fall creek township, madison county, indiana is in united states. anderson, indiana is part of anderson township, madison county, indiana. anderson, indiana is part of fall creek township, madison county, indiana. the population density of anderson, indiana is 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
antioch, california is part of california. antioch, california is part of contra costa county, california. contra costa county, california is part of san francisco bay area. english language is spoken in california. antioch, california is led by californias 11th state assembly district.
the area code for atlanta is 404. the land area, of atlanta, is 344.9 (square kilometres). the total area of atlanta is 347.1 (square kilometres). atlanta is part of dekalb county, georgia. the population density of atlanta is 1299.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
the total area of attica, indiana is 4.14 (square kilometres). attica, indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level. attica, indiana is part of logan township, fountain county, indiana. attica, indiana is part of united states. the population density of attica, indiana is 783.1 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
the capital of united states is washington, d.c.. united states is the location of alabama and the home of one of the ethnic groups of united states who are african americans. auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama. lee county, alabama is in alabama.
the total area of auburn, washington is 77.41 (square kilometres). auburn, washington is in united states. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington. auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington. the population density of auburn, washington is 914.8 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
georgetown, texas is the county seat of williamson county, texas. austin, texas is part of texas. austin, texas is part of williamson county, texas. english language is spoken in texas. round rock, texas is the largest city in williamson county, texas.
san marcos, texas is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin, texas is part of hays county, texas. austin, texas is part of texas. english language is spoken in texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
san marcos, texas is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin, texas is part of hays county, texas. austin, texas is part of texas. spanish language is spoken in texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
indianapolis is the capital of indiana where united states is located. alexandria, indiana is part of indiana. alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana. english americans is spoken in indiana.
fort worth, texas is the county seat of tarrant county, texas. arlington, texas is part of tarrant county, texas. arlington, texas is part of texas. spanish language is spoken in texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
austin, texas is the capital of texas where united states is located. arlington, texas is part of tarrant county, texas. arlington, texas is part of texas. fort worth, texas is the largest city in tarrant county, texas.
the capital of united states is washington, d.c.. united states is the location of new jersey and the home of one of the ethnic groups of united states who are white americans. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey. new york city is the largest city in united states.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where albany, oregon is located. americans inhabit united states. native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states. albany, oregon is part of linn county, oregon.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states where albany, oregon is located. americans inhabit united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in united states. albany, oregon is part of oregon.
the demonym for people living in united states, where angola, indiana is located, is americans. african americans are an ethnic group in united states. angola, indiana is part of steuben county, indiana. english language is spoken in united states.
the capital of united states is washington, d.c.. united states is the location of lee county, alabama and the home of one of the ethnic groups of united states who are native americans in the united states. auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama. lee county, alabama is in alabama.
lee county, alabama is in united states. opelika, alabama is the county seat of lee county, alabama. native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states. auburn, alabama is part of alabama. auburn, alabama is part of lee county, alabama.
the capital of new jersey is trenton, new jersey. new jersey is the location of united states and the home of one of the ethnic groups of new jersey who are native americans in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey. newark, new jersey is the largest city in new jersey.
albuquerque, new mexico is in united states. albuquerque, new mexico is part of new mexico. english language is spoken in united states. the leader of united states is barack obama. united states is led by president of the united states.
the demonym for people living in united states, where angola, indiana is located, is americans. asian americans are an ethnic group in united states. angola, indiana is part of steuben county, indiana. english language is spoken in united states.
the capital of united states is washington, d.c.. united states is the location of akron, ohio and the home of one of the ethnic groups of united states who are native americans in the united states. akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio. the leader of united states is barack obama.
the demonym for people living in united states, where albany, georgia is located, is americans. african americans are an ethnic group in united states. albany, georgia is part of united states. united states is led by president of the united states.
11th mississippi infantry monument stands in gettysburg, pennsylvania, in seminary ridge. united states 11th mississippi infantry monument, built in 2000 is classed as contributing property.
11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property. adams county, pennsylvania has cumberland county, pennsylvania to adams county, pennsylvania north. frederick county, maryland is to the southwest of adams county, pennsylvania. 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. artur rasizade is the leader in azerbaijan, where prime minister of azerbaijan and baku turkish martyrs memorial are.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan. national assembly (azerbaijan) dictates the legislature of azerbaijan, where baku turkish martyrs memorial is found.
ankara is the capital of turkey. istanbul is the largest city in turkey. ahmet davutoğlu is president of turkey. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is located in turkey.
there are 250 academic staff at awh engineering college in the city of kuttikkattoor. awh engineering college was established in 2001. awh engineering college is in kerala.
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university acharya institute of technology campus is in in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090.. acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology. the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700.
an affiliate of visvesvaraya technological university, acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students. b.m. reddy is the president of acharya institute of technology.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association in denmark. the headquarters of european university association is in brussels. lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. denmark is led by monarchy of denmark.
there are 250 academic staff at awh engineering college in the city of kuttikkattoor. awh engineering college was established in india in 2001. mumbai is the largest city in india.
awh engineering college is in india. mumbai is the largest city in india. kochi is the leader of kerala. ganges is a river in india. awh engineering college is in kerala.
there are 737 academic staff at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus. school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928. the leader of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association. school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university, located in aarhus which is governed by magistrate and is southwest of mols. the headquarters of european university association is in brussels.
baymax appeared in big hero 6 (film) which stars alan tudyk. baymax was created by duncan rouleau and americans, steven t. seagle.
pietro grasso is a leader in italy where a.c. lumezzane is located. a.c. lumezzane is managed by michele marcolini whose club was f.c. bari 1908 but michele marcolini now plays for vicenza calcio.
labour party (uk) is a leader in blackpool where a.f.c. blackpool is located. a.f.c. blackpool is managed by stuart parker (footballer) whose club was chesterfield f.c. but stuart parker (footballer) now plays for stockport county f.c..
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy. a.s. gubbio 1910 play in serie d, the champions of which are s.s. robur siena. italy is led by sergio mattarella and the language spoken italian language.
olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens f.c. who have been managed by gus poyet. gus poyet own club is chelsea f.c. and gus poyet has played for real zaragoza.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in italy where pietro grasso leads italians. the capital of italy is rome and italian language is spoken.
a.s. gubbio 1910 play in italy, where rome is the capital and italians live. italy is also where sergio mattarella is the leader and italian language is the official language.
arem-arem originates from nationwide in indonesia, but more specific to java. indonesia leader's name is jusuf kalla. and the currency is indonesian rupiah. the language is indonesian language.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula. asam pedas can also be found in malaysia (capital city: kuala lumpur) where malaysian chinese and malaysian malay are ethnic groups.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula. asam pedas can also be found in malaysia (capital city: kuala lumpur) where malaysian indian and malaysian malay are ethnic groups.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra. asam pedas can also be found in malaysia (capital city: kuala lumpur) where malaysian indian and malaysian malay are ethnic groups.
malaysian indian and malaysian malay are both ethnic groups in malaysia, a country led by abu zahar ujang. asam pedas is a food found in malaysia. asam pedas comes from the region of malay peninsula.
bacon explosion is an united states dish that contains bacon,sausage and bacon as bacon explosion main ingredients. bacon explosion originated in kansas city metropolitan area.
bacon explosion comes from united states. the united states president is paul ryan, and the capital is in washington, d.c. english language is the language of united states, and white americans are a major ethnic group.
united kingdom is home to bacon sandwich which has the main ingredients bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. a variation of bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin is blt.
french language is the language spoken in france where the leaders are gérard larcher and manuel valls. baked alaska is a food found in hong kong.
antioquia department is part of colombia from the bandeja paisa area. antioquia department includes lemon which is a plant of the rosids order, belonging to the rutaceae family.
barny cakes (made with sponge cake) comes from france where people speak french language and the leaders are françois hollande and gérard larcher.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor are a popular dish. a variation of batagor is shumai (which contains siomay), which batagor is a variation of peanut sauce.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where batagor are a popular dish. a variation of batagor is siomay (which contains shumai), which batagor is a variation of shiitake.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia where batagor are a popular dish. a variation of batagor is shumai (which contains shiitake), which batagor is a variation of siomay.
bhajji (also known as bhaji, bajji) is a dish from karnataka, india and includes gram flour, vegetables.
bhajji is found in the region of karnataka, india, whose leaders include t. s. thakur and vajubhai vala and people are called indian people.
bhajji is found in the region of karnataka, india, whose leaders include sumitra mahajan and t. s. thakur and people are called indian people.
bionico includes chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, raisins. bionico is dessert of guadalajara and served in mexico.
bionico is a food found in mexico where they speak spanish language and the leader is enrique peña nieto. bionico is dessert that can sometimes include honey.
the name of the leader in mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and bionico can be found in the jalisco region. bionico served as dessert and honey can be added to bionico.
catalonia is led by carles puigdemont. spain are the main ethnic group in catalonia. spaniards is a food found in arròs negre, catalonia. one of the leaders of arròs negre is felipe vi of spain.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where rome is the capital and italian language is the language spoken. laura boldrini and matteo renzi are leaders in italy.
amatriciana sauce is from italy, which is home to italians and where rome is the capital. laura boldrini and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where rome is the capital and italian language is the language spoken. matteo renzi and pietro grasso are leaders in italy.
javanese people are an ethnic group in java, where ayam penyet is from. ayam penyet uses fried chicken as an igredient and as well being found nationwide, also can be found in malaysia and singapore.
javanese people are an ethnic group from java, where you can find an traditional dish called ayam penyet. ayam penyet comes from singapore, where the leader is tony tan and english language is one of the languages spoken.
batchoy is eaten in philippines where arabic and philippine spanish are spoken. batchoy is also where chinese filipino and zamboangans are two of the ethnic groups.
spaniards are an ethnic group from spain, where you can find an traditional dish called ajoblanco. ajoblanco comes from andalusia, where the leader is susana díaz and spanish language is one of the languages spoken.
ajoblanco is found in the region of andalusia, spain, whose leaders include susana díaz and felipe vi of spain and people are called spaniards.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas, united states and was test pilot. alan bean, now retired, was hired by nasa in 1963.
the number of alan shepard's awards are distinguished service medal (united states navy). alan shepard was born in new hampshire. distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than department of commerce gold medal. nasa's apollo 14 crew included alan shepard.
william anders was born in british hong kong. apollo 8 was commanded by frank borman. william anders is united states. nasa's apollo 8 crew included william anders.
buzz aldrin is an united states national born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930. buzz aldrin was fighter pilot and served as an crew member aboard apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey, united states and was fighter pilot. nasa's apollo 11 crew included buzz aldrin.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was also born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin was fighter pilot. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. apollo 11 is operated by nasa. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930. apollo 11 is operated by nasa. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
alan shepard died in california, the common place to find benitoite. apollo 14 is operated by nasa. dianne feinstein is a senator in california. alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14.
the number of alan shepard's awards are distinguished service medal (united states navy). alan shepard (born in new hampshire) died in california. distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard is united states.
william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders is united states. william anders is fighter pilot and member of apollo 8 crew.
margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark where faroese language is spoken. denmark is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup, part of central denmark region.
adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport can be found in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. adolfo suárez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 610.0 meters above sea level and has an 4100.0 long runway called 14l/32r.
agra airport is in india and operated by indian air force. agra airport icao location id is viag. agra airport is 167.94 m above sea level and agra airport runway 1818.0 m long.
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by united states air force and has the icao location identifier of oraa. al asad airbase runway is named 08/26 and al asad airbase has a length of 3990.0.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is operated by united states air force and has the icao location identifier of oraa. al asad airbase runway is named 08/26 and al asad airbase has a length of 3992.88.
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force who fought in 1986 united states bombing of libya. united states air force deploy lockheed ac-130 on united states air force aircraft carriers, boeing c-17 globemaster iii as a transport aircraft and general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon as a fighter.
al asad airbase is operated by united states air force which fought in both invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom. two of the plane united states air force's lockheed ac-130 (an attack aircraft) and lockheed c-130 hercules (an transport aircraft).
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88.0 metres above sea level. alderney airport has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 733.0 in length and is named 08/26.
governed by pakistan civil aviation authority, allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and serves the city of lahore. allama iqbal international airport runway is named 18l/36r and is 3310.0 in length.
governed by pakistan civil aviation authority, allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and serves the city of lahore. allama iqbal international airport runway is named 18r/36l and is 2900.0 in length.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states. alpena county regional airport serves alpena, michigan and is situated 210 meters above sea level and has a 1533.0 kilometer long runway.
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena, michigan and is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan. alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 7/25 with a length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena, michigan and is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan. alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 1/19 with a length of 2744.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, united states. alpena county regional airport serves alpena, michigan and is situated 210 meters above sea level and has a 1533.0 kilometer long runway.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in ícolo e bengo. angola international airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 05l/23r with a length of 3800.0.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis. greek language is spoken in greece.
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos. greek language is spoken in greece.
atlantic city international airport in egg harbor township, new jersey, new jersey serves atlantic city, new jersey in united states. atlantic city, new jersey leader is don guardian.
the capital of belgium is city of brussels and is served by antwerp international airport. antwerp is a native food of belgium where the leaders are charles michel and philippe of belgium.
the icao location identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy. egg harbor township, new jersey is in united states. atlantic county, new jersey and new jersey are parts of egg harbor township, new jersey, the location of atlantic city international airport.
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid, new york, harrietstown, new york and saranac lake, new york, harrietstown, new york, which is part of new york, harrietstown, new york, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid, new york, harrietstown, new york and saranac lake, new york, harrietstown, new york, which is part of essex county, new york, harrietstown, new york, united states.
indian air force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as hal light combat helicopter. awadh and bundelkhand are parts of uttar pradesh, the location of agra airport. agra airport is operated by indian air force.
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport. agra airport is operated by indian air force who deploy hal light combat helicopter.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the leaders of iraq are fuad masum and haider al-abadi. arabic is spoken in iraq.
200 public square was completed in 1985. cleveland is in united states. cuyahoga county, ohio and ohio are parts of cleveland, the location of 200 public square.
the architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is postmodern architecture. construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january, 2014 and 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). 250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and is located in buffalo, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago where the leader is rahm emanuel. chicago is part of illinois, united states where the capital is springfield, illinois.
marriott international, which was founded in washington, d.c., is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark. the prime minister of denmark is margrethe ii of denmark and faroese language is one of the languages spoken.
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark, where greenlandic language is spoken. marriott international, founded in washington, d.c., is currently ac hotel bella sky copenhagen tenant, and bill marriott is a key leader in marriott international.
marriott international, which was founded in washington, d.c., is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark. the prime minister of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen and greenlandic language is one of the languages spoken.
the architect of adare manor was augustus pugin, who was born in bloomsbury. adare manor comes from republic of ireland where enda kenny is a leader. one of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is palace of westminster.
the construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961. addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964. addis ababa city hall is where government of addis ababa is currently located and addis ababa city hall floor area covers 140000.0 (square metres). addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 m.
akita museum of art is located at, 1-4-2 nakadori, which is in japan. akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in akita, akita. akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture.
akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture in japan. the leader of japan is tarō asō and chinese people in japan are an ethnic group found in japan.
alan b. miller hall, designed by robert a. m. stern, is situated in virginia, mason school of business. alan b. miller hall is owned by united states, and alan b. miller hall current tenant is college of william & mary.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. ahmedabad leader is known as gujarat legislative assembly and the leader in india is sumitra mahajan.
ampara hospital is from sri lanka, where eastern province, sri lanka and austin fernando are leaders. ampara hospital can also be found in ranil wickremesinghe. ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka.
"ampara hospital is in sri lanka and is situated in eastern province, sri lanka state of sri lanka. ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of eastern province, sri lanka of sri lanka and eastern provincial council is the governing body of eastern province, sri lanka. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka.".
julia morgan is an architect born in san francisco who designed several significant projects. these include asilomar conference grounds, asilomar state beach, los angeles herald-examiner and hearst castle.
julia morgan is an architect born in san francisco who designed several significant projects. these include asilomar conference grounds, asilomar state beach, riverside art museum and hearst castle.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, manhattan, new netherland, united states. cyrus vance, jr. is a leader in new york city.
john madin (born in birmingham) designed 103 colmore row; birmingham (b postcode area) is governed by john clancy (labour politician) birmingham city council.
washington, d.c., the capital of united states, is led by president of the united states along with barack obama. john roberts is leader of united states which is the location of 250 delaware avenue.
11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of contributing property and is in united states. 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and is located in adams county, pennsylvania. 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge. 11th mississippi infantry monument is in pennsylvania.
11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as contributing property. adams county, pennsylvania has cumberland county, pennsylvania to adams county, pennsylvania north. frederick county, maryland is to the southwest of adams county, pennsylvania. adams county, pennsylvania is east of franklin county, pennsylvania. 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. baku turkish martyrs memorial was designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner. azerbaijan, where the leader is artur rasizade, is the location of baku turkish martyrs memorial. baku turkish martyrs memorial is made from red granite and white marble.
baku turkish martyrs memorial is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. baku turkish martyrs memorial was designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner. the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and baku turkish martyrs memorial is located in azerbaijan. baku turkish martyrs memorial is made from red granite and white marble. türk şehitleri anıtı is the native name of baku turkish martyrs memorial.
14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument falls under the category of historic districts in the united states and is in united states. 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in monocacy national battlefield and was founded july 11, 1907. monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county, maryland. 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in maryland.
alan bean, born march 15, 1932. in wheeler, texas. was united states test pilot. alan bean has since retired. alan bean spent 100305.0 (minutes) in space.
the number of alan shepard's awards are distinguished service medal (united states navy). alan shepard (born in new hampshire) died in california. distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than department of commerce gold medal. nasa's apollo 14 crew included alan shepard.
alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12. alan bean was born alan lavern bean. apollo 12 was commanded by david scott. alan bean retired on june 1981. nasa's apollo 12 crew included alan bean.
buzz aldrin was an united states born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin graduated massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was hired by nasa in 1963. buzz aldrin served as fighter pilot and was an part of the crew of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930, in glen ridge, new jersey. nasa's apollo 11 crew included buzz aldrin.
william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey, united states and was fighter pilot. nasa's apollo 11 crew included buzz aldrin.
buzz aldrin, a student at massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was born on january 20, 1930. buzz aldrin, born in glen ridge, new jersey, was fighter pilot a member of apollo 11 crew. buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963.
alan shepard was awarded distinguished service medal (united states navy). alan shepard died in california. smilodon is a fossil from california. distinguished service medal (united states navy) is higher than department of commerce gold medal. dianne feinstein is a senator in california.
william anders went to school at afit, m.s. 1962, was born in british hong kong and retired september 1, 1969. william anders is united states. william anders is fighter pilot and member of apollo 8 crew.
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8. william anders was born in british hong kong. frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. william anders retired on september 1, 1969. nasa's apollo 8 crew included william anders.
william anders graduated from afit, m.s. 1962. buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8. frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. apollo 8 is operated by nasa. william anders is retired. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
there are 100 academic staff at accademia di architettura di mendrisio in the city of mendrisio. accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in switzerland. mario botta is dean of accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was established in 1996. accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino.
acharya institute of technology is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university acharya institute of technology campus is in in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090.. acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore in india. the number of post graduate students at acharya institute of technology is about 700. acharya institute of technology is in karnataka.
acharya institute of technology in in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090., india was established in 2000. acharya institute of technology president is b.m. reddy. acharya institute of technology is associated with visvesvaraya technological university in bangalore.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association in denmark. the headquarters of european university association is in brussels. lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. denmark is led by monarchy of denmark. in denmark the main religion is church of denmark.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association. school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus in denmark. the dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen. the headquarters of european university association is in brussels. lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark.
awh engineering college was established in india in 2001. mumbai is the largest city in india. kochi is the leader of kerala. ganges is a river in india. awh engineering college is in kerala.
the anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!. the capital of romania is bucharest. romania is the location of 1 decembrie 1918 university and the home of one of the ethnic groups of romania who are germans of romania. klaus iohannis is the leader of romania.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark has 737 employees, 16000 students and was established in 1928. denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen.
ankara is the capital of turkey. the currency of turkey is turkish lira. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) was in augurated on july 27, 1932. istanbul is the largest city in turkey. the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoğlu and atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is located in turkey. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is made from bronze.
ankara is the capital of turkey. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) was designed by pietro canonica. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) was in augurated on july 27, 1932. ahmet davutoğlu is president of turkey. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is located in turkey. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is made from bronze.
ankara is the capital of turkey. the currency of turkey is turkish lira. atatürk monument (i̇zmir) was in augurated on july 27, 1932. istanbul is the largest city in turkey. ahmet davutoğlu is the leader in turkey, where president of turkey and atatürk monument (i̇zmir) are.
there are 100 academic staff at accademia di architettura di mendrisio in the city of mendrisio. accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in switzerland. mario botta is dean of accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was established in 1996. switzerland is led by federal chancellor of switzerland. there are 600 students at accademia di architettura di mendrisio.
acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore in india. dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of acharya institute of technology. acharya institute of technology was established in 2000. acharya institute of technology motto is nurturing excellence. b.m. reddy is the president of acharya institute of technology. acharya institute of technology is in karnataka.
karnataka has to karnataka northeast telangana. karnataka is east of arabian sea. all india council for technical education is located in mumbai. tennis has a governing body called international tennis federation. tennis is one of the sports offered at acharya institute of technology. acharya institute of technology is in karnataka. all india council for technical education was proud to give the technical campus status to acharya institute of technology.
the anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!. bucharest is the capital of romania. 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia in romania. germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania. klaus iohannis is the leader of romania. romania is led by prime minister of romania.
the academic staff at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university number 737. school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association. school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus in denmark. thomas pallesen is dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which was established in 1928. lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association. school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus in denmark. aarhus is governed by magistrate. the headquarters of european university association is in brussels. lars løkke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. denmark is led by monarchy of denmark.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with european university association. school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus in denmark. thomas pallesen is dean of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which was established in 1928. the latin name of school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is "universitas aarhusiensis". there are 16000 students at school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university.
alan bean was born march 15, 1932 in wheeler, texas. alan bean graduated ut austin, b.s. 1955. alan bean occupation was test pilot, was a crew member of apollo 12, alan bean's a united states national and is now retired.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire in november 18, 1923. alan shepard graduated from nwc, m.a. 1957 and joined nasa in 1959 where alan shepard performed as test pilot. alan shepard died in california.
alfred worden was a backup pilot of apollo 12. alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. apollo 12 was commanded by david scott. alan bean is united states. alan bean was test pilot. nasa's apollo 12 crew included alan bean.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. edwin e. aldrin, jr. who was born on january 20, 1930, went on to be known as buzz aldrin. buzz aldrin, born in glen ridge, new jersey, was fighter pilot a member of apollo 11 crew. buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963.
buzz aldrin, a student at massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was born on january 20, 1930. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey, united states and was fighter pilot. buzz aldrin spent 52.0 (minutes) in space. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin, who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963, has received 20 awards. buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930, in glen ridge, new jersey. united states buzz aldrin is now retired. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930, in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin is united states. apollo 11 is operated by nasa. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. william anders was a backup pilot of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and is a citizen of united states. apollo 11 is operated by nasa. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
william anders who is united states was born in british hong kong in october 17, 1933. william anders served as fighter pilot on apollo 8 before retiring in september 1, 1969.
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8. william anders was born in british hong kong. frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders is united states. nasa's apollo 8 crew included william anders.
william anders was born on october 17, 1933 in british hong kong and retired on september 1, 1969. william anders was fighter pilot. william anders spent 8820.0 (minutes) in space. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. william anders was chosen by nasa in 1963.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart.
battle of mine run was a battle involving aaron s. daggett.
ab klink was born in stellendam, netherlands.




abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.

abner w. sibal died in alexandria, virginia.
adam holloway was born in kent.
adam holloway resides in gravesend.
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide.
adolf schärf was born in mikulov.


agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf.
agnes ward white was born in marietta, ohio.

airey neave won military cross.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london.





alberto teisaire is argentina.

alfons gorbach died in austria.

battle of chancellorsville was a battle involving alfred moore scales.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.






american civil war was commanded by robert e. lee.
austrian german is spoken in austria.
battle of antietam was commanded by robert e. lee.

gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires.
gulf war was commanded by colin powell.

josef klaus graduated from university of vienna.


mark rutte is the leader of netherlands.
spanish-american war was a battle involving united states army.
william m. o. dawson was born in bloomington, maryland.
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet.


aida cruises is located in rostock.
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises.

aidastella was completed in march 11, 2013.

aidastella is operated by aida cruises.

amc matador is also known as american motors matador.
ara veinticinco de mayo (v-2) is sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948.










alhambra is wrecked.






gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina.







audi was founded by august horch.


caterpillar inc. is located in peoria, illinois.
costa crociere is located in genoa.


germans inhabit germany.
norbert lammert is the leader of germany.
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany.
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone.
the headquarters of guiana space centre are located in kourou, french guiana.

the anthem of united states is called the star-spangled banner.
native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states.
a.c. milan chairman is silvio berlusconi.
aaron boogaard was born in canada.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen.
abel hernández plays for uruguay olympic football team.
abel hernández plays for uruguay national football team.
abner (footballer) was born in brazil.
adam maher was born in diemen.
adam maher was born in netherlands.
adam maher plays for netherlands national under-17 football team.
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team.
akeem adams was born in point fortin.

akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies.
al-khor sports club play in qatar stars league.
the manager of al-zawraa sc is basim qasim.

alaa abdul-zahra was born in baghdad.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f.c..
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c..
alan martin (footballer) plays for scotland national under-19 football team.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born on september 2, 1995.
aleksander barkov, jr. plays for florida panthers.
aleksander barkov, jr. has a height of 1.905.
aleksander barkov, jr. play in national hockey league.
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24, 1989.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm.
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi.
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia.
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under-21 football team.
alessio romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
alessio romagnoli played youth football for a.s. roma.
alex plante was born in manitoba.
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league.
atlanta falcons is located in atlanta.

budapest is in hungary.
english language is spoken in canada.
slavey language is spoken in canada.
columbus blue jackets is located in columbus, ohio.
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny.
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov.
ferencvárosi tc chairman is gábor kubatov.
finnish language is spoken in finland.


motherwell f.c. ground is in fir park.
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean-michel aulas.
st. louis rams is located in st. louis.
tennessee titans is located in nashville, tennessee.



aaron turner is avant-garde metal.
aaron turner is progressive metal.

abradab was born on november 12, 1978.
abradab was born in poland.
abradab is hip hop music.
agustín barboza is guarania (music).
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul, turkey.
alan frew is rock music.


aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia.
aleksandra kovač is rhythm and blues.
aleksandra kovač is soul music.
alex day is synthpop.

alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay.


alison odonnell is jazz.

allen forrest was born on february 4, 1981.
allen forrest is pop music.
alligator records is located in chicago.

anders osborne is rhythm and blues.

andra (singer) is rhythm and blues.


andrew rayel was born in chișinău, moldova.


asunción is part of gran asunción.




manchester is part of greater manchester.
polydor records is located in london.



british people inhabit united kingdom.







1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc.









1089 tama was formerly called a894 va; a904 vd;.










james craig watson graduated from university of michigan.
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart. battle of fredericksburg was a battle involving aaron s. daggett.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart. battle of gettysburg was a battle involving aaron s. daggett.

abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and was a student at technical institute, kaduna.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.



world war ii was a battle involving abner w. sibal. world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin.
korean war was a battle involving united states army.
adam holloway was born in kent and was a student at magdalene college, cambridge.
adam holloway was born in kent. adam holloway resides in gravesend.
adam koc won virtuti militari. world war i was a battle involving adam koc.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens. adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf.
airey neave won military cross.
battle of france was a battle involving airey neave.
battle of france was a battle involving airey neave. battle of france was commanded by hugo sperrle.
world war ii was a battle involving airey neave. airey neave was born in knightsbridge.
world war ii was a battle involving airey neave. world war ii was commanded by franklin d. roosevelt.
world war ii was a battle involving airey neave. world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin.
albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856.
albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856.
albert jennings fountain (born in new york city) died in doña ana county, new mexico.
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city.

alfons gorbach was born in austria. alfons gorbach was born in austria-hungary.
alfons gorbach was born in austria. alfons gorbach was born in tyrol (state).

daniel gould fowle graduated from princeton university.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut.
american civil war was a battle involving united states army.
world war ii was a battle involving allan shivers. world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas.

alvah sabin was born on october 23, 1793.
agnes kant is in netherlands, where the currency is euro.
agnes kant comes from netherlands where mark rutte is a leader.
parkersburg, west virginia is in united states. albert b. white died in parkersburg, west virginia.
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan. aaron boogaard plays for wichita thunder.
jorge orosmán da silva manages peñarol and plays for abel hernández.
abel hernández has formerly worked at peñarol, and is a member of the u.s. città di palermo club.
adam maher has formerly worked at az alkmaar, and is a member of the netherlands national under-17 football team club.
adam maher has formerly worked at netherlands national under-17 football team, and is a member of the psv eindhoven club.
ahmad kadhim assad has formerly worked at al shorta sc, and is a member of the steel azin f.c. club.
thomas doll manages ferencvárosi tc and plays for akeem adams.
akeem adams has formerly worked at t&tec sports club, and is a member of the trinidad and tobago national football team club.


akeem dent was born on september 27, 1987.
akeem priestley has formerly worked at connecticut huskies, and is a member of the sheikh russel kc club.
akeem priestley has formerly worked at rops, and is a member of the sheikh russel kc club.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for al-khor sports club. al-khor sports club ground is in al khor.
amar osim manages al kharaitiyat sc and plays for alaa abdul-zahra.
alan martin (footballer) has formerly worked at hamilton academical f.c., and is a member of the leeds united f.c. club.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c.. hamilton academical f.c. ground is in new douglas park.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born on september 2, 1995. aleksander barkov, jr. plays for florida panthers.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born in tampere, finland. aleksander barkov, jr. plays for florida panthers.
valery petrakov manages fc torpedo moscow and plays for aleksandr chumakov.
aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc kuban krasnodar, and is a member of the fc spartak moscow club.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk. fc tom tomsk play in russian football national league.
aleksandre guruli has formerly worked at fc dinamo batumi, and is a member of the fc karpaty lviv club.
alex plante was born in manitoba.
alex tyus was born on january 8, 1988. alex tyus plays for pallacanestro cantù.
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b.c.. alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league.
alex plante was born in brandon, manitoba. conservative party of canada is the leader of brandon, manitoba.
the anthem of canada is called o canada. adam mcquaid was born in canada.
adam mcquaid was born in canada. english language is spoken in canada.
levan khomeriki manages fc dinamo batumi and plays for aleksandre guruli.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow. fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena.
akeem priestley plays for rops. rops play in veikkausliiga.
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f.c.. united petrotrin f.c. ground is in palo seco velodrome.
aaron deer is psychedelia.

aaron turner is electroacoustic music.
aaron turner is avant-garde metal.

abradab was born in katowice on november 12, 1978.
abradab was born in katowice. abradab was born in poland.
ace wilder is hip hop music.

agustín barboza was born in paraguay.
alan frew is rock music.
alan frew is rock music.
albennie jones is jazz.
aleksandra kovač is pop music.
aleksandra kovač is rhythm and blues.
aleksandra kovač is soul music.
alex day is synthpop.
alfred garth jones was born in england.
alfredo zitarrosa is milonga (music).
alfredo zitarrosa is taquirari.
alfredo zitarrosa (born in uruguay) died in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa (born in montevideo) died in uruguay.
alfredo zitarrosa is zamba (artform).

alison odonnell is folk rock.
alison odonnell is jazz.
allen forrest is hip hop music.
andrew white (musician) is alternative rock.

anders osborne is rhythm and blues.
anders osborne is rhythm and blues.
andra (singer) is pop music.
andra (singer) is rhythm and blues.



andrew white (musician) is alternative rock.
al anderson (nrbq band) is country music.
polydor records is located in london.








walter baade was born in german empire.
walter baade is germany.

james craig watson is canada.
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham.
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha; 1927 wb;.






10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga.




aida cruises is located in germany. aidastella is operated by aida cruises.
aida cruises is located in rostock. aidaluna is operated by aida cruises.





amc matador was designed by richard a. teague.
ara veinticinco de mayo (v-2) is in argentina.



alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry.




ara veinticinco de mayo (v-2) comes from argentina where gabriela michetti is a leader.

airbus group is the parent company of airbus defence and space.






audi belongs to the division of audi e-tron.


a key person at caterpillar inc. is douglas r. oberhelman.

juha sipilä is the leader of finland.
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat.
mtu friedrichshafen is owned by rolls-royce holdings.
elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart. battle of fredericksburg was a battle involving aaron s. daggett. aaron s. daggett was born in maine.
ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam and was also born in netherlands.
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak. abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak.
abdulsalami abubakar graduated from technical institute, kaduna and was also born in niger state.


abel caballero was born in galicia (spain). abel caballero was born in ponteareas.
abel caballero was born in galicia (spain). abel caballero was born in spain.
world war ii was a battle involving abner w. sibal. world war ii was commanded by joseph stalin.
abner w. sibal was born in ridgewood, queens.
gulf war was a battle involving adam holloway. gulf war was commanded by george h. w. bush.
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college, cambridge and was also born in faversham.
polish-soviet war was a battle involving adam koc. adam koc was born in congress poland. polish-soviet war was commanded by leon trotsky.
polish-soviet war was a battle involving adam koc. polish-soviet war was commanded by leon trotsky.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens. adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens. adonis georgiadis was born in greece.

leader, mark rutte, and agnes kant are both netherlands.
leader, mark rutte, and agnes kant are both netherlands.
agnes kant graduated from radboud university nijmegen and was also born in west germany.
world war ii was a battle involving airey neave.
world war ii was a battle involving airey neave.
albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856.
agnes ward white was born in marietta, ohio.
albert jennings fountain (born in staten island) died in united states. african americans are an ethnic group in united states.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city. albert jennings fountain (born in staten island) died in new mexico territory.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york. albert jennings fountain (born in staten island) died in united states.
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires. buenos aires city legislature is the governing body of buenos aires. horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach was born in austria. alfons gorbach (born in county of tyrol) died in graz.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.

burlington, vermont is the largest city in vermont. alvah sabin is from the vermont region.
alvah sabin was born on october 23, 1793. henry clay is the leader of whig party (united states).
alvah sabin was born in georgia, vermont. daniel webster is the leader of whig party (united states).
american civil war was a battle involving albert jennings fountain. albert jennings fountain was born in united states. american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln.
battle of fredericksburg was a battle involving alfred moore scales. american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis.
alfons gorbach (born in county of tyrol) died in austria. doris bures is the leader of austria.
alfons gorbach (born in tyrol (state)) died in austria. doris bures is the leader of austria.
alfons gorbach died in austria. alfons gorbach died in styria where the mayor is austria.
battle of salem church was a battle involving aaron s. daggett. battle of salem church was commanded by robert e. lee.
ab klink was born in stellendam. the currency of netherlands is euro. ab klink is netherlands.
kashubians are an ethnic group in poland. polish language is spoken in poland. adam koc is poland.





1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc.

walter baade graduated from university of göttingen. walter baade is germany.
james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin.


n. r. pogson was born in nottingham. n. r. pogson is england.
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va; a904 vd;.

1097 vicia was formerly called 1928 pc.







suburban legends is pop music.
aaron deer is indie rock.
aaron deer is psychedelia.
aaron turner is black metal.
aaron turner is drone music.
aaron turner is ambient music.
aaron turner is black metal.
aaron turner is black metal.
abradab was born on november 12, 1978.

ace wilder is hip hop music.
agustín barboza was born in asunción. agustín barboza was born in paraguay. juan afara is the leader of paraguay.
al anderson (nrbq band) is rock music.
alan frew is rock music.
albennie jones is jazz.
albennie jones was born in errata, mississippi. albennie jones is rhythm and blues.
aleksandra kovač is pop music.
aleksandra kovač is pop music.
aleksandra kovač is rhythm and blues.
alex day is synthpop.
alfred garth jones was born in england. alfred garth jones (born in manchester) died in sidcup.
united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london.
united kingdom alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london.
alfred garth jones (born in manchester) died in sidcup. labour party (uk) is the leader of manchester.
alfred garth jones died in london. alfred garth jones died in sidcup where the mayor is london.
alison odonnell is folk music of ireland.
alison odonnell is folk music.
alison odonnell is jazz.
alison odonnell is jazz.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama. allen forrest is pop music.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama. allen forrest is rhythm and blues.
andrew white (musician) is alternative rock.

anders osborne is rock music.
andra (singer) is dance-pop.
andra (singer) is rhythm and blues.
andra (singer) is rhythm and blues.
andrew rayel is trance music.
andrew rayel is trance music.
christian burns is house music.

aaron bertram is ska punk.
albennie jones was born in errata, mississippi. albennie jones was born in united states. african americans are an ethnic group in united states.
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet.


aida cruises is located in germany. aidastella is operated by aida cruises. aidastella is owned by costa crociere.



american locomotive company was founded in schenectady, new york
americans inhabit united states. african americans are an ethnic group in united states.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states. native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states.




rome is the capital of italy.
rome is the capital of italy.



alhambra is wrecked.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry
a key person at american motors is roy d. chapin, jr..






native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states. united states is led by president of the united states.



caterpillar inc. was founded in california caterpillar inc. is located in peoria, illinois.
caterpillar inc. at illinois is owned by aidaluna.
costa crociere is located in genoa. aidastella is operated by aida cruises. aidastella is owned by costa crociere.

the headquarters of guiana space centre are located in french guiana.
guiana space centre is located in kourou, french guiana.
neptun werft is located in rostock.
americans inhabit united states. african americans are an ethnic group in united states.
aaron hunt has formerly worked at sv werder bremen, and is a member of the vfl wolfsburg club. aaron hunt played youth football for goslarer sc 08.
dieter hecking has been manager of vfl wolfsburg and plays for aaron hunt and sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernández has formerly worked at hull city a.f.c., and is a member of the u.s. città di palermo club. abel hernández played youth football for central español.
abel hernández has formerly worked at peñarol, and is a member of the u.s. città di palermo club. abel hernández played youth football for central español.
adam maher was born in netherlands. adam maher has formerly worked at az alkmaar, and is a member of the psv eindhoven club.
akeem adams has formerly worked at united petrotrin f.c., and is a member of the w connection f.c. club. united petrotrin f.c. ground is in palo seco.


akeem dent was born on september 27, 1987, in atlanta, georgia.
alaa abdul-zahra was born in iraq. alaa abdul-zahra has formerly worked at iraq national under-20 football team, and is a member of the shabab al-ordon club club.
alaa abdul-zahra has formerly worked at al kharaitiyat sc, and is a member of the shabab al-ordon club club. al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor.
alan martin (footballer) was born on january 1, 1989. alan martin (footballer) has formerly worked at clyde f.c., and is a member of the hamilton academical f.c. club.
alan martin (footballer) has formerly worked at accrington stanley f.c., and is a member of the motherwell f.c. club. accrington stanley f.c. ground is in accrington.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born on september 2, 1995, in tampere, finland. aleksander barkov, jr. plays for florida panthers.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born on september 2, 1995, in tampere, finland.
aleksandr chumakov (born in soviet union) died in russia. vladimir putin is the leader of russia.
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24, 1989. aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc alania vladikavkaz, and is a member of the fc kuban krasnodar club.
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24, 1989. aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc tom tomsk, and is a member of the russia national football b team club.
aleksandre guruli has formerly worked at azal pfk, and is a member of the olympique lyonnais club. olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais.
aleksandre guruli has formerly worked at olympique lyonnais, and is a member of the us lesquin club. olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais.
siniša mihajlović has been manager of a.c. milan and plays for alessio romagnoli and italy national under-16 football team.
siniša mihajlović has been manager of a.c. milan and plays for alessio romagnoli and u.c. sampdoria.
alessio romagnoli has formerly worked at a.s. roma, and is a member of the italy national under-16 football team club.
alessio romagnoli was born in italy. alessio romagnoli has formerly worked at italy national under-17 football team, and is a member of the u.c. sampdoria club.
alex plante was born in brandon, manitoba. alex plante plays for anyang halla. alex plante has a height of 1.9304.
alex plante was born in canada. alex plante plays for anyang halla. alex plante has a height of 1.9304.
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b.c.. alex tyus play in euroleague.
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b.c.. alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league.
aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc spartak moscow, and is a member of the fc tom tomsk club. fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc anzhi makhachkala. fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena. aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow.
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow and manages valery petrakov. fc torpedo moscow played in 2014-15 russian premier league.
steve bruce has been manager of hull city a.f.c. and plays for abel hernández and uruguay olympic football team.
aleksandr chumakov (born in moscow) died in russia. sergey sobyanin is the leader of moscow.
luis miguel ramis has been manager of real madrid castilla and plays for abner (footballer) and brazil national under-20 football team.
luis miguel ramis has been manager of real madrid castilla and plays for abner (footballer) and c.d. fas.
alex tyus was born in st. louis. st. louis is part of greater st. louis. francis g. slay is the leader of st. louis.
tennessee titans is located in nashville, tennessee.
akeem adams has formerly worked at trinidad and tobago national under-20 football team, and is a member of the united petrotrin f.c. club. united petrotrin f.c. ground is in palo seco.
aaron hunt has formerly worked at sv werder bremen, and is a member of the sv werder bremen ii club. sv werder bremen ii play in 3. liga. the manager of sv werder bremen ii is alexander nouri.
steve bruce, who was manager of hull city a.f.c., played football for abel hernández, central español and peñarol.
jorge orosmán da silva, who was manager of peñarol, played football for abel hernández, central español and u.s. città di palermo.
abel hernández plays for u.s. città di palermo. u.s. città di palermo play in serie a. the manager of u.s. città di palermo is giuseppe iachini. abel hernández played youth football for peñarol.
adam mcquaid was born on october 12, 1986, in prince edward island.
columbus blue jackets is located in columbus, ohio. adam mcquaid plays for boston bruins.
akeem ayers was born on july 10, 1989.
akeem dent was born on september 27, 1987, in atlanta, georgia.
akeem dent was born on september 27, 1987, in atlanta, georgia.
alaa abdul-zahra has formerly worked at al-zawraa sc, and is a member of the al kharaitiyat sc club. al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor. the manager of al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim.
alaa abdul-zahra has formerly worked at al kharaitiyat sc, and is a member of the iraq national under-23 football team club. al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor. the manager of al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim.
alaa abdul-zahra has formerly worked at al kharaitiyat sc, and is a member of the shabab al-ordon club club. al kharaitiyat sc ground is in al khor. the manager of al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim.
alan martin (footballer) was born on january 1, 1989. alan martin (footballer) has formerly worked at crewe alexandra f.c., and is a member of the hamilton academical f.c. club. alan martin (footballer) has a height of 185.42 (centimetres).
alan martin (footballer) was born on january 1, 1989. alan martin (footballer) has formerly worked at crewe alexandra f.c., and is a member of the scotland national under-21 football team club. alan martin (footballer) has a height of 185.42 (centimetres).
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24, 1989. aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc dynamo moscow, and is a member of the fc kuban krasnodar club. aleksandr prudnikov has a height of 185.0 (centimetres).
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24, 1989. aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc rubin kazan, and is a member of the fc spartak moscow club. aleksandr prudnikov has a height of 185.0 (centimetres).
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi. aleksandre guruli has formerly worked at fc karpaty lviv, and is a member of the fc zestafoni club. aleksandre guruli has a height of 178.0 (centimetres).
alex plante was born on may 9, 1989, in canada. alex plante plays for anyang halla.
alex plante was born in canada. alex plante plays for anyang halla. alex plante has a height of 1.9304.
the anthem of canada is called o canada. aaron boogaard was born in canada. inuktitut is spoken in canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of canada.
the anthem of canada is called o canada. aaron boogaard was born in canada. asian canadians are an ethnic group in canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of canada.
the anthem of canada is called o canada. aaron boogaard was born in canada. slavey language is spoken in canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of canada.
aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc kuban krasnodar, and is a member of the fc terek grozny club. fc terek grozny ground is in grozny. the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov.
fc torpedo moscow chairman is aleksandr tukmanov. aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow and manages valery petrakov. fc torpedo moscow played in 2014-15 russian premier league.
houston texans is located in houston. houston texans is located in texas.
abel hernández plays for hull city a.f.c.. peñarol play in uruguayan primera división. the manager of hull city a.f.c. is steve bruce. abel hernández played youth football for peñarol.




1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc.
walter baade graduated from university of göttingen and was also born in german empire.
walter baade graduated from university of göttingen and was also born in preußisch oldendorf.
walter baade graduated from university of göttingen. walter baade died in west germany.
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan. james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson is canada.
james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson is canada.
n. r. pogson (born in nottingham) died in chennai.
n. r. pogson (born in nottingham) died in chennai.
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va; a904 vd;.



10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga.

1101 clematis was formerly called 1928 sj.



aida cruises is located in rostock. aidastella is operated by aida cruises. aidastella is owned by costa crociere.
aidastella is operated by aida cruises. aidastella is owned by costa crociere.


american locomotive company was founded in schenectady, new york


amc matador is also known as american motors matador.
amc matador is also known as vam classic. amc matador class is mid-size car.
acura tlx class is mid-size car.
acura tlx class is luxury vehicle.
aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) is in service.
finns inhabit finland. juha sipilä is the leader of finland.
aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) is in service.


alhambra is wrecked.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry
a key person at american motors is roy d. chapin, jr..




london is the capital of united kingdom.



audi a1 class is supermini.
audi belongs to the division of audi e-tron. audi was founded by august horch.
caterpillar inc. was founded in california caterpillar inc. at illinois is owned by aidaluna.
costa crociere is located in genoa. aidastella is operated by aida cruises. aidastella is owned by costa crociere.




general dynamics electric boat is located in groton, connecticut. general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat.
rostock comes from germany where stanislaw tillich is a leader. neptun werft is located in rostock.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states. african americans are an ethnic group in united states. english language is spoken in united states.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states. americans inhabit united states. african americans are an ethnic group in united states.
aaron bertram is ska punk.
aaron deer is psychedelia.
aaron turner is electroacoustic music.
aaron turner is post-metal.
aaron turner is black metal.
ace wilder was born on july 23, 1982, in stockholm.
ace wilder was born on july 23, 1982, in sweden.
ace wilder was born in stockholm. ace wilder was songwriter.
ace wilder was born in sweden. ace wilder was songwriter.
ahmet ertegun is rhythm and blues.
african americans are an ethnic group in united states. ahmet ertegun is rock and roll.
albennie jones is rhythm and blues.
albennie jones was born in united states. african americans are an ethnic group in united states. albennie jones is jazz.
aleksandra kovač was born in belgrade. aleksandra kovač is pop music.
aleksandra kovač was born in socialist republic of serbia. aleksandra kovač is rhythm and blues.
alex day is acoustic music.
alex day is electronic music.
alfred garth jones was born in england. alfred garth jones was born in manchester. alfred garth jones died in london.
montevideo is in uruguay. alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo. uruguayans inhabit uruguay. daniel martínez (politician) is the leader of montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay. alfredo zitarrosa is candombe.
alison odonnell is folk music.
alison odonnell is folk music.
alison odonnell is jazz. deram records is located in london.
alison odonnell is jazz. deram records is located in london.
allen forrest was born in fort campbell. allen forrest is acoustic music.
allen forrest was born in fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al. allen forrest is hip hop music.
andrew white (musician) is alternative rock.
anders osborne is rock music.
alligator records is blues. alligator records is located in chicago.
andra (singer) was born in romania. andra (singer) is dance-pop. andra (singer) was singing.
andra (singer) is rhythm and blues.
andrew rayel is trance music.
andrew rayel is trance music.
andrew white (musician) is alternative rock.

agustín barboza died in asunción. agustín barboza died in paraguay that used to be a part of asunción and is headed by gran asunción.
al anderson (nrbq band) is country music.
allen forrest is hip hop music.
alfred garth jones was born in england. alfred garth jones was born in manchester. manchester is part of greater manchester. labour party (uk) is the leader of manchester.
aaron turner is post-metal.
twilight (band) is black metal.
albennie jones was born in united states. african americans are an ethnic group in united states. albennie jones is rhythm and blues.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart. american civil war was a battle involving aaron s. daggett. aaron s. daggett (born in maine) died in west roxbury.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart. battle of the wilderness was a battle involving aaron s. daggett. aaron s. daggett (born in maine) died in west roxbury.
erasmus university rotterdam is affiliated with association of mbas. ab klink graduated from erasmus university rotterdam and was also born in netherlands.
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri, malaysia. abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region. abdul taib mahmud resides in kuching.
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak. abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region. abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak.
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo. abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak.
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo. abdul taib mahmud resides in sarawak.


abel caballero was born in galicia (spain).
abel caballero was born in galicia (spain). abel caballero was born in spain.
abraham a. ribicoff was born in new britain, connecticut. native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states. abraham a. ribicoff is united states.
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college, cambridge. gulf war was a battle involving adam holloway. adam holloway was born in kent.
polish-soviet war was a battle involving adam koc. polish-soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin. polish language is spoken in poland. adam koc is poland.
polish-soviet war was a battle involving adam koc. polish-soviet war was commanded by joseph stalin. adam koc died in new york city.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens. adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens. adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens. adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
the currency of netherlands is euro. leader, emile roemer, and agnes kant are both socialist party (netherlands).
leader, mark rutte, and agnes kant are both netherlands.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands. leader, emile roemer, and agnes kant are both socialist party (netherlands).
leader, emile roemer, and agnes kant are both socialist party (netherlands).
battle of france was a battle involving airey neave. airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london.
battle of france was a battle involving airey neave. airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london.
world war ii was a battle involving airey neave. world war ii was commanded by chiang kai-shek.
albert b. white was born in cleveland. william m. o. dawson (born in bloomington, maryland) died in albert b. white.
albert b. white was born in cleveland.
american civil war was a battle involving albert jennings fountain. albert jennings fountain was born in new york. american civil war was commanded by abraham lincoln. french language is spoken in new york.
american civil war was a battle involving albert jennings fountain. albert jennings fountain was born in new york city. american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis. albert jennings fountain died in doña ana county, new mexico.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york. albert jennings fountain (born in staten island) died in new mexico territory. albert jennings fountain died in united states.
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires. horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville, north carolina.
whiskey rebellion was a battle involving united states army. alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas.
burlington, vermont is the largest city in vermont. alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district region. alvah sabin is in vermont.
burlington, vermont is the largest city in vermont. daniel webster is the leader of whig party (united states). alvah sabin is from the vermont region.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart. battle of gettysburg was a battle involving aaron s. daggett. american civil war was commanded by robert e. lee.
spanish language is spoken in argentina. alberto teisaire is argentina.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina.
aida cruises is located in germany. aidastella is operated by aida cruises. aidastella is owned by costa crociere. carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere.
aidastella is operated by aida cruises.


the anthem of united states is called the star-spangled banner. washington, d.c. is the capital of united states. americans inhabit united states. native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states.
amc matador is also known as american motors matador. amc matador class is mid-size car.
p&o (company) at london is owned by alhambra.
a key person at american motors is roy d. chapin, jr..





the headquarters of guiana space centre are located in french guiana. arianespace is located in courcouronnes. ela-3 is operated by arianespace.


elizabeth ii is the leader of united kingdom.
audi a1 class is supermini.
audi belongs to the division of audi e-tron. audi was founded by august horch.
caterpillar inc. was founded in california caterpillar inc. was founded in united states caterpillar inc. at peoria, illinois is owned by aidaluna.
caterpillar inc. was founded in united states a key person at caterpillar inc. is douglas r. oberhelman. aida cruises at rostock is owned by aidaluna.
caterpillar inc. was founded in united states a key person at caterpillar inc. is douglas r. oberhelman. caterpillar inc. at peoria, illinois is owned by aidaluna.
costa crociere is located in genoa. aidastella is operated by aida cruises. aidastella is owned by costa crociere. carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of costa crociere.
finns inhabit finland. sami languages is spoken in finland. juha sipilä is the leader of finland.
berlin is the capital of germany where rostock is located. joachim gauck is the leader of germany. neptun werft is located in rostock.
berlin is the capital of germany where rostock is located. andreas voßkuhle is the leader of germany. neptun werft is located in rostock.
washington, d.c. is the capital of united states. americans inhabit united states. native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states. english language is spoken in united states.
abel hernández has formerly worked at central español, and is a member of the u.s. città di palermo club. central español play in uruguayan segunda división. the manager of peñarol is jorge orosmán da silva. abel hernández played youth football for peñarol.
aleksandr chumakov has formerly worked at fc torpedo moscow, and is a member of the soviet union national football team club. aleksandr chumakov died in russia where the mayor is valentina matviyenko. the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov.
olympique lyonnais chairman is jean-michel aulas. aleksandre guruli has formerly worked at fc karpaty lviv, and is a member of the olympique lyonnais club. olympique lyonnais ground is in parc olympique lyonnais. the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny.
alessio romagnoli has formerly worked at a.c. milan, and is a member of the u.c. sampdoria club. a.c. milan play in serie a. the manager of a.c. milan is siniša mihajlović.
a.c. milan chairman is silvio berlusconi. alessio romagnoli has formerly worked at italy national under-17 football team, and is a member of the u.c. sampdoria club. the manager of a.c. milan is siniša mihajlović.
abel hernández has formerly worked at u.s. città di palermo, and is a member of the uruguay national football team club. central español play in uruguayan segunda división. the manager of u.s. città di palermo is giuseppe iachini. abel hernández played youth football for central español.
fc spartak moscow chairman is sergey rodionov. aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc amkar perm, and is a member of the fc spartak moscow club. fc spartak moscow ground is in otkrytiye arena. the manager of fc amkar perm is gadzhi gadzhiyev.
fc spartak moscow chairman is sergey rodionov. aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc spartak moscow, and is a member of the fc terek grozny club. fc terek grozny ground is in grozny. the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov.
aleksandr prudnikov has formerly worked at fc dynamo moscow, and is a member of the fc terek grozny club. fc terek grozny ground is in grozny. the manager of fc terek grozny is rashid rakhimov. aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow.
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union. aleksandr chumakov was at fc torpedo moscow is a member of soviet union national football team and now manages valery petrakov. fc torpedo moscow played in 2014-15 russian premier league.
ferencvárosi tc chairman is gábor kubatov. akeem adams has formerly worked at ferencvárosi tc, and is a member of the united petrotrin f.c. club. united petrotrin f.c. ground is in palo seco. the manager of ferencvárosi tc is thomas doll.
ferencvárosi tc chairman is gábor kubatov. akeem adams has formerly worked at ferencvárosi tc, and is a member of the united petrotrin f.c. club. united petrotrin f.c. ground is in palo seco velodrome. the manager of ferencvárosi tc is thomas doll.

james craig watson graduated from university of michigan. james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson is canada.
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan. james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin.
walter baade graduated from university of göttingen and was also born in german empire. walter baade died in göttingen.
walter baade graduated from university of göttingen and was also born in german empire.
walter baade graduated from university of göttingen and was also born in german empire. walter baade is germany.
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan. james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson is canada.
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan. james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin. james craig watson is canada.



n. r. pogson (born in nottingham) died in chennai. n. r. pogson is england.
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha; 1927 wb;.


abdul taib mahmud was born on may 21, 1936, in miri, malaysia. abdul taib mahmud is from the asajaya region. abdul taib mahmud resides in kuching.
adenan satem graduated from university of adelaide and was also born in abdul taib mahmud. abdul taib mahmud resides in demak jaya, jalan bako, kuching, sarawak.


abraham a. ribicoff (born in connecticut) died in united states. abraham a. ribicoff is united states.
abraham a. ribicoff (born in connecticut) died in new york city. abraham a. ribicoff is united states.
abraham a. ribicoff (born in connecticut) died in new york. native americans in the united states are an ethnic group in united states. abraham a. ribicoff is united states.
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college, cambridge and was also born in kent.
adam holloway graduated from magdalene college, cambridge and was also born in faversham, kent, england.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens. adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands. leader, emile roemer, and agnes kant are both socialist party (netherlands).
khadija arib is the leader of house of representatives (netherlands). leader, mark rutte, and agnes kant are both netherlands. agnes kant resides in doesburg.
mark rutte is the leader of netherlands. leader, emile roemer, and agnes kant are both socialist party (netherlands). agnes kant resides in doesburg.
albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856. albert b. white died in parkersburg, west virginia.
albert b. white was born in cleveland. william m. o. dawson (born in bloomington, maryland) died in albert b. white.
albert b. white was born in cleveland.
albert b. white was born in cleveland.
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires. horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires.
alberto teisaire was born on may 20, 1891, in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach was born in austria. alfons gorbach (born in tyrol (state)) died in graz. alfons gorbach died in styria.
alfons gorbach was born in imst. alfons gorbach (born in tyrol (state)) died in graz. alfons gorbach died in styria.
alvah sabin died in sycamore, illinois. burlington, vermont is the largest city in vermont. alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district region. alvah sabin is in vermont.
alvah sabin (born in georgia, vermont) died in sycamore, illinois. burlington, vermont is the largest city in vermont. alvah sabin is from the vermonts 3rd congressional district region. alvah sabin is in vermont.
battle of gettysburg was a battle involving alfred moore scales. american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis. alfred moore scales is from united states where native americans in the united states are a ethnic group.
siege of petersburg was a battle involving alfred moore scales. american civil war was commanded by jefferson davis. alfred moore scales is from united states where native americans in the united states are a ethnic group.
spanish language is spoken in argentina. alberto teisaire is argentina.
aaron bertram is ska punk.
aaron deer is indie rock.
aaron turner is black metal.
aaron turner is sludge metal.
abradab was born on november 12, 1978, in katowice. abradab was born in poland.
ace wilder was born on july 23, 1982, in sweden. ace wilder was singing.
ace wilder was born on july 23, 1982, in stockholm. ace wilder was songwriter.
ace wilder is hip hop music.
ace wilder was born in sweden. ace wilder is hip hop music.
al anderson (nrbq band) was born in windsor, connecticut. al anderson (nrbq band) is rock music.
al anderson (nrbq band) is rock music.
alan frew (born in coatbridge) served as musician.
aleksandra kovač was born in socialist republic of serbia. aleksandra kovač is pop music.
aleksandra kovač is rhythm and blues.
alfred garth jones was born in england. alfred garth jones was born in manchester. alfred garth jones died in london. alfred garth jones is united kingdom.
alfred garth jones (born in manchester) died in london. alfred garth jones died in sidcup where the mayor is london. london is led by european parliament.
alfred garth jones (born in manchester) died in london. alfred garth jones died in sidcup where the mayor is manchester. london is led by european parliament.
alison odonnell is folk music of ireland.
alison odonnell is jazz. deram records is located in london.
alison odonnell is jazz.
alison odonnell is jazz.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama. allen forrest was born in fort campbell. allen forrest is acoustic music.
anders osborne is rock music.
anders osborne is blues.
andra (singer) was born in câmpia turzii. andra (singer) is dance-pop. andra (singer) was singer, reality television judge.
andra (singer) was born in romania. andra (singer) is rhythm and blues. andra (singer) was singing.
andrew rayel is trance music.
andrew rayel was born in chișinău, moldova. andrew rayel is trance music.
andrew rayel was born in chișinău, moldova. andrew rayel is trance music.
andrew rayel is trance music.

allen forrest was born in fort campbell. allen forrest is hip hop music.
allen forrest is hip hop music.
alfred garth jones (born in manchester) died in london. alfred garth jones died in sidcup where the mayor is manchester. london is led by parliament of the united kingdom.
agustín barboza (born in asunción) died in paraguay. mestizo are an ethnic group in paraguay. spanish language is spoken in paraguay. juan afara is the leader of paraguay.
andrew white (musician) is alternative rock. polydor records is located in london.
andrew white (musician) is alternative rock. polydor records is located in london.
al anderson (nrbq band) is rock music.
al anderson (nrbq band) is rock music.
twilight (band) is black metal.
montevideo is in uruguay. alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo. spanish language, from uruguay actually comes from the country of montevideo, where daniel martínez (politician) and raúl fernando sendic rodríguez are the leaders.
