abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene.
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is 18l/36r.
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
the runway length of al-taqaddum air base is avenue.
the runway name of alderney airport is 14/32.
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of arrondissement.
18 is the number of the first runway of amsterdam airport schipol.
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt.
06/24 kaagbaan is the runway name of amsterdam airport schipol.
andrews county airport is new jersey above sea level.
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
the runway length of andrews county airport is filipinos.
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
the antwerp international airport is tomato above sea level.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government and is operated by the flemish government.
the runway length of appleton international airport is georgian.
the runway length of ardmore airport is poland.
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa.
ashgabat international airport has the runway name 11/29.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority.
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13/31.
the language of belgium is dutch.
curitiba is part of the south region, brazil.
denmark is inhabited by the family region.
fallujah is in iraq.
greenville, wisconsin is located in the united states.
greenville is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
the language spoken in iraq is arabic.
madrid is located in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
the leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq.
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey.
houston is the largest city in texas.
the united states air force fought in the us bombing of libya in 1986.
the boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
carrol county maryland is southeast of adams county, pennsylvania.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
the leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister of azerbaijan.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs memorial is türk şehitleri anıtı.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
the architecture style of 250 delaware avenue is a fantasy style.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
the architect of 320 south boston building was george brenner.
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910.
the ac hotel bella sky, copenhagen has 814 rooms.
james pain and george richard pain, were the architects of adare manor.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is located in japan.
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road.
the reference number in the national register of historic places for asher and mary isabelle richardson house is 88002539.
asilomar conference grounds was designed by julia morgan.
the asilomar conference grounds designed on the architecture style of "arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows".
asilomar conference grounds was constructed in 1913.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
buffalo, new york is part of erie county new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
county limerick is part of munster.
criona ni dhalaigh was lord mayor of dublin.
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome.
indian people are from india.
julia morgan designed significant buildings in the los angeles herald examiner building.
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
the white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
1634 the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint.
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
aids (journal) is published in the uk.
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
a long long way is written in english.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 0025-5858.
the author of above the veil is garth nix.
above the veil is available in print.
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567-7920.
addiction (journal) has the lccn number 93645978.
addiction journal is about addiction.
aenir is written in english.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english.
american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics.
english is the language spoken in the novel castle.
eric flint was born in burbank, california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
a glastonbury romance is a notable work of john cowper powys.
soho press is located in the united states.
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the
english is the language of the united states.
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapan's play in the salvadoran primera division.
the full name of a.f.c. blackpool is "association football club blackpool".
afc blackpool ground is the mechanics,.
afc blackpool's ground is in blackpool.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio has 5300 members.
aek athens's ground is in athens.
aek athens fc played in the 2014-2015 football league.
azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in the season.
akron, ohio is located within the united states.
akron, ohio is located in summit county, ohio.
the full name of akron summit assault is "akron metro futbol club summit assault".
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci has played for chelsea fc.
christian panucci is attached to the club inter milan.
frank de boer is attached to the club fc barcelona.
gubbio is from the umbria region.
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy.
jens härtel played for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodríguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago played for a.s.d.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc.
michele marcolini is in the vicenza calcio club.
peter stoger plays for 1 fc koln.
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908.
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st vincent st mary high school is in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba.
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b.m. reddy.
mahe, india is northwest of kerala.
the neighbouring municipality of mendrisio is meride.
bucharest is the capital of romania.
the dean of the school of business and social sciences is thomas pallesen.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students.
the nationality of alan bean is united states.
buzz aldrin was a backup pilot of apollo 8.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963.
buzz aldrin was a member of the apollo 11 crew.
buzz aldrin was chosen by nasa in 1963.
california is part of benitoite.
elliot see died on february 28, 1966.
elliot see is died in st louis.
elliot see passed away in deceased.
the character april o'neal was created by kevin eastman.
bananaman, tv series, was shown on the bbc.
ben urich's full name is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo bibbowski.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
the black pirate is also known as jon valor.
john buscema has been awarded the eisner award.
karl kesel is an american.
marv wolfman won kirby award.
the nationality of peter laird is united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
the area codes for albany are 229.
albany is part of the united states.
the leader in albuquerque, new mexico is a mayor.
the leader of albuquerque is called the united states house of london.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico is called new netherland.
the total area of amarillo is 233.9 (square kilometres).
amarillo is part of the state.
anderson is part of egg square metres.
angola is 324.0 above sea level.
the area codes for antioch are 925.
anaheim is part of the california language.
the population density of arlington is 1472.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre).
the leader of atlanta is kasim reed.
atlantic city has a total area of 44.125 (square kilometres).
atlantic city is part of new jersey.
attica is 166.0 above sea level.
auburn is part of lee county.
the total area of auburn is 77.41 (square kilometres).
austin is part of texas.
the spanish language is spoken in california.
dunwoody, georgia is the largest city in the property.
fulton county, georgia is located within the united states.
anderson is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is in the united states.
detroit is the largest city in the city.
california is in the united states.
portland, oregon is the largest city in oregon.
the largest city in tarrant county is one.
barack obama is the leader of the united states.
the united states house is located in united states capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient of arròs negre.
arròs negre is from the catalonia region.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet is from the singapore region.
tomato is an ingredient in a blt.
baked alaska is from the hong kong region.
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine.
chicharrón is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region.
barny cakes can be served cauliflower.
batagor is a variation of shumai.
the main ingredients of batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow comes from the indonesia region.
bhajji is also known as bhaji, bajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
bionico can be by using cottage cheese.
bionico comes from the jalisco region.
chicken is in bird.
the currency of india is the rupee.
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india.
the language of indonesia is indonesian.
the leader of jalisco is granola.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group from java.
malays are an ethnic group in malaysia.
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo.
the spanish language is spoken in new york.
shumai is located in china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
malays is an ethnic group in sumatra.
david cameron is a leader in the uk.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument, established in 2000, falls under the category of contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield and has its as its nearest city.
baku turkish martyrs' memorial, which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in azerbaijan.
baku turkish martyrs' memorial (known locally as türk şehitleri anıtı) dedicate to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
akron, ohio is located in the us, where african americans are an ethnic group.
salem is the capital of oregon which is part of albany.
the united states air force is the leader of usa, where the united states is located.
amarillo is part of texas in the united states.
the united states house of representatives is the leader of anaheim which is part of california.
anaheim, california is in county, texas, us.
anderson, indiana is part of township in the united states.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
arlington is part of texas, united states.
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states.
atlantic city is part of atlantic county, ohio, united states.
atlantic city is in the united states where the capital is washington
atlantic city is part of atlantic county in the united states.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
auburn is in pierce county, texas, united states.
albany is part of the united states where the capital is washington
texas is from the united states where the capital is washington dc.
airport is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
native americans are an ethnic group in usa which is the part of albany, georgia.
auburn, alabama is in the u.s. where the native americans are an ethnic group.
akron is located in the united states, where the language is english.
the leader of the united states is the president. this country is home to the city.
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which is an dish from italy.
arem arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the italian language is spoken.
sergio mattarella is a leader in italy where arrabbiata sauce comes from.
an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce, which can be found in italy, is chili pepper.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in sour and hot sauce and comes from indonesia.
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia.
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
the main ingredients of a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
bacon is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which can also be known as bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
bread is an ingredient of a bacon sandwich which has an variation known as the blt.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france.
baked alaska is from france where manuel valls is a leader.
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which is an dish found in the us.
a variant of bakewell pudding is bakewell tart which has fruit preserves as a ingredient.
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso which is an dish from indonesia.
celery is a member of the genus people and is a ingredient of bakso.
chicharrón is one of the ingredients in the bandeja paisa.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is a leader.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which is an dish from indonesia.
batagor is a variation of siomay and it uses peanut sauce.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and beef kway teow contains palm sugar.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is the leader.
beef kway teow is commonly found in singapore and indonesia. kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow.
bhajji comes from indian where the demonym for people living in the country is indians.
bhajji comes from the country india, where t.s. thakur is the leader.
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the igorot people.
the main ingredient of binignit, found in the philippines, is banana.
the main ingredients of binignit are the sweet potato and banana.
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is enrique pena nieto.
the dessert dish bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and can be found in guadalajara.
bionico and cake are desserts.
bakso is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader.
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake.
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s and has a runway length of the united states.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is elevated -3.3528 metres above sea level.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the airport has a runway length of vegetables.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of a region.
al asad airbase is in iraq, where arabic is one of the languages spoken.
the usaf, which was involved in the invasion of grenada, operates the al asad airbase.
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae, which is in the class monocotyledon.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of airport.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of st.louis.
amsterdam airport schipol is -3.3528 above sea level.
amsterdam airport schipol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 1200 county.
the runway length of amsterdam airport schipol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is german.
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston.
the angola international airport serves luanda and its runway is its long.
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is airport and it is made of poaceae.
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and its 1st runway has a length of 12467 feet.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines, whose headquarters are in turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport can be found in egg harbor township in the united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has the runway name 4/22.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of airport.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia.
fc magdeburg played in the regionalliga in 2014-15 season and has 27250 members.
verona, italy is the home to a.c. chievo verona which has 39371 members.
rolando maran, born in italy, is the manager of calcio chievoverona.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
a.e. dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the a 2014-15.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for blackburn
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker, who is a member of irlam town
afc fylde's ground is in lancashire and it has 3180 members.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio, a.s. gubbio have 5300 members.
a.s livorno calcio's ground is in livorno, and it plays in serie
a.s. livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who plays for a.s. roma.
the manager of acf fiorentina is paulo sousa, who plays for juventus
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s.p.a. and they have 47290 members.
aek athens f.c's ground is in greece and they have 69618 members.
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece are previous champions and home ground is the olympic stadium.
afc ajax (amateurs) 's ground is sportpark de toekomst, with jon ajax as tenant.
the azal pfk, located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan, is the ground of azal arena.
akron summit assault, with 3000 members, played in the 2011 pdl season.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio, umbria.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is pietro grasso.
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f.c. and manages as roma.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian, which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
virginia demarce is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which is available in japan.
aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.) has the eissn number 2158.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and was produced in print.
has 672 pages and the isbn number 0-7653-0633-6.
"a glastonbury romance" was followed by "weymouth sands" written by john cowper powys.
a long long way has the oclc number 57392246 and was published in print & paperback.
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who published a long long way.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and published in print.
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp, with oclc number 8805735, is available in hardcover.
a severed wasp is in english, the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp has an isbn number of "0-374-26131-8" and is available in print.
julius springer is the founder of springer science and business media, which publishes abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has an oclc number of 78771100 and the isbn number 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the evil librarians.
american journal of mathematics (abbreviated to am. j. math.) comes under the discipline of math.
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which publishes the american journal of mathematics.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the capital is washington
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington dc.
a is from the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
a wizard of mars was published in the us, where african americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars was published in the us where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university has the nickname uab and is located in alba.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore and its president is b.m. reddy.
the acharya institute of technology was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education, which is located in mumbai.
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala, the leader of which is kochi.
april o'neil was created by peter laird, an american.
bananaman, starring jill shilling, is broadcast by the bbc.
graeme garden stars in bananaman, broadcasted by stv.
tim brooke-taylor, born in derbyshire, starred in bananaman.
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk.
baymax first appeared in big hero 6 which stars scott adsit.
baymax is a character created by steven t. seagle and big hero 6.
the comic book character ben urich, full benjamin urich, was created by roger mckenzie.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman.
bo bibbowski, otherwise known as bibbo, was created by marv wolfman.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932 and is now retired.
alan shepard is deceased and served as a test pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
william anders, born in british hong kong, was a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders, now retired, graduated from afit, m.s. 1962.
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in united states.
20 fenchurch street has a floor count of 34 and has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors.
george winkler, from the united states, was the architect of the 320 south boston building.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena, which is located at east link bridge.
3arena is located in dublin and their architect was the company populous.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen.
the architect of adare manor was george richard pain and the construction of the building was completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
adisham hall has the tudor revival architectural style, and adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall has the tudor revival architectural style, and adisham hall is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group.
the address of akita museum of art, which has 3 floors, is 1-4-2 nakadori.
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road, gujarat.
ampara hospital is in eastern province, sri lanka where the leader is austin fernando.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, us.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, which is part of brooklyn.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, which is a part of the republic of ireland.
alan bean, born in wheeler, texas, is from the u.s. and is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was an united states national where joe biden is the leader.
buzz aldrin, an us national, graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963.
american elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin.
elliot see, who graduated from ut, was selected by nasa in 1962 and died in st louis.
elliot see, who graduated from ut, died in st louis where the mayor is francis g. slay.
elliot see died in st louis on february 28, 1966.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire, home of the purple finch and spent 13017.0 (minutes) in space.
1634: the bavarian crisis, written by virginia demarce and eric flint, is available in print and has 448 pages.
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair, which is written in english. english is spoken in great britain.
alexander l. wolf is the leader of the association for computing machine which is the publisher of acm transactions on information systems headquartered in new york city.
aids (journal) comes under the academic discipline of hiv and comes under the academic discipline of hiv/aids and has the issn number 0269-9370.
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline of hiv and has the issn number 1473-5571.
aip advances was edited by a.t. charlie johnson who resides in the united states and where stanford university was his almamater.
a fortress of grey ice, authored by j. v. jones, has an oclc number of 51969173 and an isbn number of 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer, written by qiu xiaolong, has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number of 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press who are based in the united states.
a severed wasp, from the united states, was written in english. english is the language spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp has 388 pages, can be found in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg (or abh. math. semin. univ. hambg.) has an issn number of "1865-8784" and lccn number of 32024459.
aenir was written in english and was published in the country of above the veil. it was preceded by novel australians.
the book aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil which is written in english.
above the veil by garth nix is available in hardcover and is 248 pages long.
acta palaeontologica polonica's abbreviated name is acta palaeontol. pol.. pol. it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567-7920.
addiction journal, abbreviated to addiction, has the issn number 1360-0443 and is about addiction.
john wiley & sons is the parent company of wiley-blackwell, who published the addiction journal, which has the issn number of 0965-2140.
cornell press in the state of new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly.
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which was written by garth nix.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians, from the united states, is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages. the oclc number is 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken as it is in great britain.
john cowper powys, born in shirley, is the author of a glastonbury romance and math.
sage publications, founded by sara miller mccune, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001-8392.
a severed wasp is from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington dc.
a wizard of mars is written in english and was published in the us. additionally, african americans are an ethnic group in the
a wizard of mars was published in the united states, where there are many asian americans and the capital city is washington
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states, where the title of the leader is the president and where the african americans are an ethnic group.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel who also plays for fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for both a.s.d. and a.s.d.
associazione calcio lumezzane spa (abbreviated to a.c. lumezzane) has 4150 members and plays in lega pro/a.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f.c and the el salvador national football team.
the ground of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli. it has 1500 members and their chairman is honey.
afc blackpool's fullname is "association football club blackpool". the club have 1500 members and their ground is located in blackpool.
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who is a member of chesterfield fc and was a player for runcorn fc halton.
the manager of afc fylde is dave challinor who is at colwyn bay fc and plays for stockport county fc.
the full name of a.s. livorno calcio is livorno calcio s.p.a., their ground is in livorno, italy and they have 19238 members.
a.s. livorno calcio play in the serie b league which has been won by carpi fc 1909. the club are managed by christian panucci.
christian panucci, who manages a.s. livorno calcio, used to play for chelsea fc and real
aek athens f.c's ground is in greece and they compete in the superleague greece, the champion of which is olympiacos
aek athens are managed by gus poyet who played for chelsea fc. gus poyet is also associated with the real zaragoza.
amsterdam-centrum is the part of amsterdam. this where afc ajax is based and one of the leaders is eberhard van der laan.
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam. the ground of afc ajax amateurs is located in eberhard van der laan where the leader is entity-5.
john van den brom plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a.s. he is also manager of az alkmaar.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in brazil.
luciano spalletti manages as roma and plays for empoli f.c.. the club also plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and was at the club asd licita 1931 but massimo drago currently plays for s.s. chieti calcio.
massimo drago played for. a.s.d., massimo drago now plays for u.s castrovillari calcio and manages a.c. cesena.
massimo drago's club was monument and he played for us castrovillari calcio. he is now the manager of a c cesena.
103 colmore row is located at colmore row and was designed by the architect john madin born in birmingham.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county and frank g jackson is a leader.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county of illinois, where rahm emanuel is a leader.
the american united states was designed by the 320 south boston building and has 22 floors.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena, which was completed december 2008 and is located on north wall quay.
ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen, which has 23 floors, is located in denmark and has the tenant of marriott international.
the architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors, was 3xn and the tenant is marriott international.
augustus pugin (born in bloomsbury) was the architect of adare manor and the palace of westminster.
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by jp mcmanus.
adisham hall, haputale, was completed in 1931 and has an architecture style of tudor and jacabian.
the architecture style of adisham hall, sri lanka, was completed in 1931 and has an architecture style of tudor and jacabian.
adisham hall is located in haputale, the country of which ranil wickremesinghe is leader.
adisham hall is located in sri lanka, the capital of which is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
alan building started in 30 march 2007 in the mason school of business, are the current tenants of united states.
san francisco born julia morgan was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of significant buildings in chinatown, san francisco and of the asilomar conference grounds.
the asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february 27, 1987 with the reference number 87000823 in the national register of historic places.
asser levy public baths, constructed in 1904, is located in avenue a, manhattan and was added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980.
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, born in birmingham whose leader is the conservative party (uk).
john madin, born in birmingham, designed 103 colmore row. the liberal democrats are the leaders of birmingham.
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa is located in addis ababa city hall.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, which is led by anandiben patel.
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda maryland and is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen.
albany is located in county, usa, where there is an ethnic group called asian americans.
the leader of albuquerque is called new netherland.
alpharetta is part of county county in the us where african americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta is part of the u.s. state and is the location of the united states where one of the ethnic groups are asian americans.
alpharetta is located in the united states, where there are many asian americans and the capital city is washington
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the california is located in the california state state, california, where california is the leader.
anderson is part of indiana which is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana and is part of the united states.
angola is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana in the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
antioch is part of german, san francisco, where the united states house of representatives is the leader.
the county seat of texas is b, which is part of south texas, in the united states.
atlanta is from the united states, where there are many asian americans and the capital city is washington
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
atlantic city is from the united states where new jersey is the largest city and t.s is part of entity-5.
atlantic county is in the united states where new york is the largest city and atlantic city is part of the united states.
auburn is part of the city in the united states which is part of an county.
new americans is located in the united states, part of the mission and the capital city is washington dc.
olympia is the capital of washington state where the united states is located and it is part of entity-5.
albany is located in the city, the capital of which is the us state which is part of atlanta.
greenville is located in the united states where the largest city is anderson and is part of alexandria, indiana.
trenton, new jersey is the capital of new jersey where the united states is part of atlantic city.
texas is part of texas where the largest city is houston and the language is english.
michigan is in the united states, county which has the capital city of washington dc.
fountain county is located in the united states, one and the capital city is washington dc.
akron is located in the united states, where the capital is washington d.c. and english is the language.
akron is a part of summit county, ohio, where asian americans are a ethnic group.
albany is part of benton county in the united states and has an ethnic group called asian americans.
atlantic county is located in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
albany is from the united states, where the language is english and where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
angola is from the united states where they speak english and of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s. its runway name is 10r/28l and is their feet in length.
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake and has a runway length of the architect seat of new zealand.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is in paracuellos de jarama which is part of the community of madrid, spain.
the icao location identifier of agra airport in uttar pradesh is viag. the airport is operated by the indian air force.
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of architect and president.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase and using mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle as an aircraft fighter.the 1986 journal was carried out by the united states air force.
the united states air force, which is the operating organisation for al asad airbase, were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle.
the 1st runway of alderney airport, which serves the city of alderney, is made of poaceae and is its long.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at the jinnah international airport.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway name of 18l/36r with a length of boris aldrin.
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level at maple ridge township in the united states.
andrews county airport, located in texas, is tsipras above sea level and has a runway length of san michel.
andrews county airport, texas is 3.3528 below sea level and has a runway length of harcourt.
andrews county airport is located in texas, whose capital city is austin and english is the spoken language.
andrews county airport is located in texas (united states) where the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano.
antwerp international airport serves antwerp, a popular tourist destination in german speaking belgium.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, new jersey, us.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves new jersey and is headquartered at the four world trade center.
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. its runway length is amsterdam.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore which is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid where the leading party is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid, spain, where the leading party is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes, spain, where the people's party is the leading political organization.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania, which is northwest of carrol county, maryland in united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, adams county, pennsylvania, which has carrol county, maryland to its southeast.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, also known as türk şehitleri anıtı, is located in azerbaijan, the capital of which is baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan, where the legislature is the national assembly and the leader is artur rasizade.
the atatürk monument is located in turkey, where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoğlu.
guanciale is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy.
the main ingredients of arem arem, a javanese dish, are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the family of solanaceae. it is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce, an dish from rome, italy.
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome in italy and has tomato as a ingredient.
asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in sour and hot sauce which is found in the malay peninsula in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, where the capital is kuala lumpur and where arifin zakaria is the leader.
ayam penyet is from indonesia and is also popular in malaysia, where the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group.
the blt is a variation of the club sandwich and bacon sandwich, which contains lettuce.
bacon explosion comes from the united states, where barack obama is a leader and white americans are a ethnic group.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington
bread is an ingredient of the bacon sandwich which is an variation of the blt and a club sandwich.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york.
baked alaska is from the country of france, which leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska, which comes from the region of new york in the u.s
a cookie is a dessert, as is baked alaska which contains sponge cake.
bakewell pudding is dessert that originates from the derbyshire dales. the main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the derbyshire dales. some main ingredients in bakewell pudding are ground almond, jam, butter, eggs.
beef is an ingredient of bakso which is from indonesia.
avocado is one of the ingredients in the dish bandeja paisa. this dish is a traditional dish from the paisa region and is part of columbian cuisine.
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region, colombian cuisine, and one of its ingredients is hogao.
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders.
the main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in the philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
the main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in the philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
beef kway teow is a food found in nationwide in singapore and indonesia and is popular in singapore where tony tan is a leader.
an ingredient of beef kway teow, which originates from singapore and indonesia is sesame oil.
oyster sauce is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from the singapore region and is found in the countries of singapore and indonesia.
bhajji originates from the country india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
banana is an ingredient in binignit, an type of dessert. a cookie is also an type of dessert.
cookies can be served as a dessert, as can it which contains the ingredient of sago.
taro is an ingredient in binignit, a dessert. cookie is also an type of dessert.
sweet potato, part of the order of solanales, are the main ingredient of binignit. the dish also contains banana.
the dessert bionico requires granola as one of its ingredients and is a food found in mexico, in the dessert course.
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico, and it contains raisins.
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy which has the capital city of rome and is led by pietro grasso.
arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines, where batchoy comes from. it is also the country where the igorot people are an ethnic group.
beef kway teow originates from singapore and popular in indonesia too.the country's leader is tony tan and the spoken language is english there.
the tomato comes from the solanaceae family and is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
awh engineering college has a staff size of 250 and is located in the state of kerala, india.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students.
the awh engineering college is in the state of kerala which has to its northwest mahe, india. the leader of kerala is kochi.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and romania has germanic as an ethnic group.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania which is led by klaus iohannis and has germanic as an ethnic group.
the school of business and social sciences was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels.
the school of business and social sciences was established in 1928 in aarhus, denmark.
the comic book character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rené goscinny who is a french.
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc, bananaman starred tim brooke-taylor and last aired on april 15, 1986.
big hero 6, distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, starred scott adsit and was baymax's first film appearance.
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed big hero 6 which starred scott adsit. baymax is a character in big hero 6.
walt disney studios motion pictures distributed big hero 6 which starred ryan. baymax is a character in this film.
the comic character blockbuster is also known as mark desmond and was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox.
the comic character bolt, with alternative larry bolatinsky, was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn.
larry bolatinsky is the alternative name for the comic character of bolt who was created by ernie colon and gary cohn.
103 colmore row (located in birmingham) has 23 floors, work started on 103 in 1973 and finished in 1976.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, where cape town is the capital of south africa, and ethnic groups are asian south africans and the coloured people.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, united states and the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million (dollars), is located in buffalo, new york and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, united states. the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
300 north lasalle, illinois has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres. construction of the building was completed in 2009.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen has 23 floors and was designed by the architects 3xn. marriott international is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick, munster. they govern munster.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan.
akita museum of art is an art museum in akita, akita prefecture, japan, where the ethnic group is the brazilians.
the college own alan b miller hall. it is situated at 101 ukrop way, williamsburg, virginia and it was completed on 1 june 2009.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, whose leaders are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
the asilomar conference grounds are located in pacific grove, california and was constructed in 1913. it was added to the national register of historic places on february 27, 1987 with 87000823.
asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and is located in avenue a, manhattan. it was added to the national register of historic places on april 23, 1980 with 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, parts of which are brooklyn and manhattan (where cyrus vance jr. is the leader).
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, united states. gale brewer is the leader of manhattan.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin, who was born in birmingham. the postal code of birmingham is b and the leader is andrew mitchell.
the b postcode is the postal code of birmingham which is led by the uk labour party and was the birthplace of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
anandiben patel was the leader of gujarat, india, the location of amdavad ni gufa.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india. two leaders of india are narendra modi and t.s.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, japan, a country with the ethnic group the brazilians.
elizabeth ii is a leader of the united kingdom which has the capital city of london and the parliament of the uk. the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street.
joe biden is the leader of the united states where the title of the leader is president. the english language is spoken in the us and it is the location of 250 delaware avenue.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument (established in 2000) is located in pennsylvania, united states and falls under the category of contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan, a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan, artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial (known locally as türk şehitleri anıtı) has been dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. azerbaijan is located in azerbaijan, the capital of azerbaijan
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11, 1907 and is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland, with the nearest city being frederick, maryland.
ataturk monument, which is made of bronze, is found in turkey, where the capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument was inaugurated on july 27, 1932 and is located in turkey, a country led by the president of turkey.
albany is in the united states and is part of the us state. native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states and english is the language spoken.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alpharetta, part of fulton county, is part of the u.s. state in the united states.
amarillo is part of president, texas in the united states. the capital of the us is the capital and one of the ethnic groups is african americans.
potter county is located in texas, asherton, texas. the capital of texas is united states and the part of austin is austin.
the california state senate is located in the california state capitol which is part of "california. the leader of california is california and the language spoken spanish.
anderson is part of adams, fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola is part of the state of 1634, pleasant township, steuben county, indiana, united states.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
"mayor is the title of the leader in atlantic city, new jersey.
alcatraz is located in california, auburn, alabama, where there is an ethnic group called us.
auburn is part of the city in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and american is the state of entity-6.
cuyahoga county is located in the united states, populous, the capital of which is king county, which is part of washington d.c..
auburn is located in the united states, the summit county, the capital of which is washington d.c., which is part of washington state.
austin is part of the state where the state is the largest city and houston is part of houston.
the california is located in the california state state, mexico, where california is spoken. chinese is the leader of the california.
alpharetta is part of fulton county which is part of the us state of georgia, in the united states.
indianapolis is the capital of alderney which is part of anderson, war. indianapolis is part of the united states.
texas is located in the united states and is part of the state. english is spoken in the united states and the largest city is houston.
albany is part of benton county in the united states. the capital city is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african americans.
new jersey is located in the united states, atlantic city, the capital of which is washington d.c.. new york city is the largest city in the united states.
albuquerque is located in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is president barack obama.
albuquerque is located in the united states and is led by the new mexico and president. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
albany is located in the united states, which is part of the state and the capital city is washington d.c.. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
in new york comes from the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group. the leader of the united states is called the mayor and the leader is barack obama.
albany, georgia is located in the united states, where one of the ethnic groups is native americans. the language spoken in the us is english, which is part of entity-5.
angola is located in the united states where english is spoken and english is part of banana. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
angola is located in the united states where english is spoken and pleasant township, steuben county, indiana is part of pleasant township, steuben county, indiana. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
jens hartel is part of the club 1. fc and is attached to the fsv zwickau. ankara is part of the sv babelsberg 03 club and manages 1 fc magdeburg.
italian born rolando maran now plays at the carrarese calcio. he previously managed ac chievo verona and played for fc bari 1908.
michele marcolini, who was born in italy, managed a.c. lumezzane and plays for a.c. chievo verona and torino fc.
the ground of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli and has 1500 members. they play in the epsth 2nd group league and their chairman is the club.
stuart parker plays for stockport county fc and is the manager of afc blackpool whose ground is in blackpool, where the leader is the conservative party (uk).
stuart parker, who once played for stockport county fc is now the manager of afc blackpool whose ground is in blackpool. the leader of blackpool is gordon marsden.
afc fylde (full name: association football club fylde), played in 2014 and they are based at warton, fylde, lancashire and has 3180 members.
the full name of a.f.c. fylde is "association football club fylde." and they have 3180 members. they are based at bryning lane and competed in the 2014 season.
paulo sousa played for inter milan and juventus fc. he plays for maccabi tel aviv f.c and is the manager of acf fiorentina.
aek athens has 69618 members and their ground is in greece. they are in the superleague of greece and played in the 2014 season.
afc ajax (amateurs) 's ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax. the grounds are owned by afc ajax n.v. and has a tenant of jong ajax.
the nickname of afc ajax (amateurs), or "amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs", is joden, godenzonen. they played in the 2014 season and has 5000 members.
along with managing az alkmaar, john van der brom is a player in afc ajax and plays for the netherlands national football team and vitesse arnhem.
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in alagoas. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league in which vila nova futebol clube are the champions.
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas, campeonato campeonato. they play in the brazil league.
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca which is located in arapiraca, campeonato brasileiro série c. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the brazil league.
akron summit assault have their home ground at st vincent-st mary high school which is located in the city of akron, summit county, ohio, united states.
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy where the capital city is rome. a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy.
peter stoger, manager of fc kolin, is also a part of fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien as well as playing for sk vorwarts.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, texas and has a runway name of 17l/35r with a length of texans and is 546 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake, new york. adirondack regional airport is located 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of pudding.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. the airport is operated by enaire and has a runway name of 18l/36r with a length of ganges.
agra airport is in india and operated by the indian air force. it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag.
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force. the runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of president.
the united states air force operate al asad airbase which is located at al anbar province, iraq. the airport has a runway length of afc institute which is named 09r/27l.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase. the usaf fought in the invasion of grenada. weapons and aircraft located at the air air force are the lockheed ac-130 and the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in pakistan. the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and has a runway length of st.louis.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level. the runway name is 09/27 buitenveldertbaan and has a length of erie county, new zealand.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level. the runway name is 18l/36r aalsmeerbaan and has a length of lake, new york.
andrews, texas is served by andrews county airport which is located the airbase metres above sea level and has a runway length of the address.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the people are known as tejano and the capital city is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas in the united states. the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken english.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and is located in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport is owned by flemish region and operated by the flemish government. the airport is located the airbase metres above sea level and has a runway length of a monocotyledon.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines, headquartered in ashgabat and their hub airport at turkmenbashi international airport, turkmenistan.
located in spata, and serving the city of athens, athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level. its runway length is a test of club.
egg harbor township, new jersey is led by atlantic city and served by don guardian in atlantic city international airport.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority and is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states, which is led by stephen dilts.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp. antwerp is a popular tourist destination in belgium. a leader there is charles michel and german is the language spoken there.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where the french language is spoken. antwerp, which is a popular tourist destination in the country, is served by antwerp international airport.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, which is part of essex county and part of harrietstown, both of the united states.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah, iraq. fuad masum is the leader of iraq, where the language spoken the kurdish languages.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah iraq. the kurdish is spoken in the country where haider al-abadi is the leader.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is located in punjab, pakistan where the leader is malik muhammad rafique rajwana.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants. poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids and classified as monocotyledon.
the bbc, located in broadcasting house, with rona fairhead as a key person, broadcast bananaman and produces bbc radio.
bananaman, starring jill shilling, created by steve bright. first aired on stv on october 3, 1983.
american duncan rouleau is the creator of baymax, which featured in big hero 6 (starring ryan potter).
the comic character of bolt, also known as larry bolatinsky, was created by ernie colon and gary cohn, puerto rican.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis. demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes preceded 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al., has 512 pages and is the media type e with an isbn number of 1-4165-2060-0.
in the united kingdom, elizabeth ii is the leader and the aids journal was published here by lippincott williams & wilkins (parent company wolters kluwer).
a fortress of grey ice by j. v. jones was produced in a hardcover and has an oclc number of 51969173 and an isbn number of 0-7653-0633-6.
the book, written by qiu xiaolong, a loyal character, is in hardcover with an oclc number of 49805501 and an isbn of 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group. the book is written in english which is spoken in great britain.
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press located in the country. the language of the us is english and one of its ethnic groups is asian americans.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has 560 pages. the book was published in hardcover and has the isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
acta mathematica hungarica has the abbreviation of acta math. hungar.. hungar and covers the academic discipline of mathematics. pol.. it has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236-5294.
paleobiology is the academic discipline of acta palaeontologica polonica which has the abbreviated name of acta palaeontol. pol.. pol.. it has the lccn number of 60040714 and the issn number is 0567-7920.
the acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences. its is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol. pol. pol. it has a lccn number of 60040714 and its issn number is 1732-2421.
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. the university is affiliated with the association of public and land.
cornell university is in ithaca, new york. the university is affiliated with the association of public and universities and publishes the administrative science quarterly.
garth nix is the author of aenir which has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the isbn number 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain. the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians originates from the us where the african americans are an ethnic group.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states. johns hopkins university has the parent company john hopkins university press.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group. english is spoken both in the us and great britain.
a wizard of mars written in english spoken mostly in great britain was published in united states whose president is barack obama.
a wizard of mars originates from the u.s. and is published in english. barack obama leads the us. the asian americans are an ethnic group in that country.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states, where barack obama is leader, and english is spoken (as in great britain).
a severed wasp is from the united states, where barack obama is the leader. the english language is the language of the us and asian americans are an ethnic group there.
alan bean is an us national who was born in wheeler, texas. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305.0 (minutes) in space.
alan shepard was a member of apollo 14, which is operated by nasa. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong for which chris patten is a british representative. he served as a crew member on apollo 8 along with frank borman.
buzz aldrin who was originally from glen ridge, new jersey graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired.
buzz aldrin (born in glen ridge, new jersey) was a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 to become a crew member of apollo 11.
edwin eugene aldrin jr. otherwise known as buzz aldrin, was a crew member of nasa's apollo 11 and received 20 awards.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal.
alan shepard died in california. california's senator was dianne feinstein and he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
american elliot see was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin. he died in st. louis.
william anders, who served as a fighter pilot, was selected by nasa in 1963 to serve as a crew member aboard apollo 8.
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001. the ganges is a river in india.
the acharya institute of technology is located in in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090., india. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology was given the technical campus status by the all india council for technical education which is based in mumbai. the institute offers tennis, a sport governed by the international tennis federation.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba county, romania. romania's capital is bucharest.
1 decembrie 1918 university at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is governed by a magistrate and has lars løkke rasmussen as its leader.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala and it has 250 academic staff. the leader of kerala is kochi.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania. romania's capital is bucharest, its anthem is deșteaptă-te, române and its ethnic group is the germans of romania.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, romania. the capital of romania is bucharest and the country's leader is klaus iohannis.
amatriciana sauce, which is made of tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil, comes from the region of lazio in italy.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella.
arròs negre is from the region of catalonia in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
arros negre is from the region of catalonia in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
arròs negre is from the catalonia region of spain. the region is led by the parliament of catalonia and spaniards are the ethnic group of spain.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra. the malaysian malay and bataks are ethnic groups of sumatra.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra that is found in malaysia. malays are a ethnic group of sumatra and the minangkabau people are a ethnic group from malaysia.
the united states is the country of the bacon explosion. barack obama was once the leader there, the capital is washington d.c. and asian americans are one ethnic group of the country.
the united states is the country of the bacon explosion. john roberts is one of the leaders there, washington d.c. is the capital and asian americans are one ethnic group of the country.
the blt is a variation on club sandwich and it, which ingredient is ketchup and it is from the united kingdom.
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom and ingredients include bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. it's various names include bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
cookies and baked alaska are types of desserts. the dessert comes from the u.s. african americans are an ethnic group in that country.
the main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding. the dish comes from either paris, new york or hong kong or the united states.
baked alaska, whose main ingredients include meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding, hails from hong kong and is thought to originate from france, united states or china.
baked alaska hails from hong kong and also found in the us. meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients.
bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the derbyshire dales, derbyshire. it includes fruit preserves.
bakso comes from indonesia and is popular in nationwide in indonesia, also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries. the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
bakso is a food found in indonesia. the dish includes ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region of columbia. the main ingredients of the dish are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
bandeja paisa comes from the paisa region of columbia. the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are: red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
barny cakes come from france where french is spoken. the leaders of france are francois hollande and gerard larcher.
batagor comes from indonesia. it is a variation of siomay and shumai (which include shiitake).
batchoy originated from the region of la paz, iloilo city, philippines. the main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
batchoy is a soup eaten in the philippines. the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and nationwide in singapore and indonesia as well. the main ingredients of the dish are: kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is found in singapore and indonesia and also singapore where beef kway teow comes from. the leader of this country, where standard chinese is spoken, is halimah yacob.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia. the main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil and sesame oil.
bhajji, also known as bhaji, bajji, comes from the karnataka region of india and includes vegetables.
bhajji, otherwise known as bhaji, bajji, comes from the karnataka region. the main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables.
binignit includes the ingredients and sago. sweet potato belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants.
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas, philippines. the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
bionico, which contains granola, is a dessert found in mexico and is from the region of jalisco.
bionico is from the guadalajara region of mexico. it has the ingredients: chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, raisins.
bionico is a dessert, as is a cookie. it comes from mexico and the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
bakso is a food containing tapioca; bakso is found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader.
ayam penyet is from the singapore region, java, where baduy are an ethnic group. tony tan is the leader of singapore.
the ilocano people and the zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines, where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish.
the igorot people and the zamboangans are ethnic groups in the philippines, where arabic is one of the languages spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish.
a cookie is a dessert and so is binignit, a dish from the philippines, where philippine english is spoken.
sandesh is a dessert. the dish originates from the philippines where english is spoken.
1634: the bavarian crisis, written by virginia demarce and eric flint was preceded by grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of india which is written in english.
cornell university, of ithaca, new york, is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly and is affiliated with the association of american universities. the president of the university of panama is elizabeth garrett and the university is affiliated with the association of public and land universities.
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where african american is an ethnic group and like in great britain, english is spoken.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where many people are the native americans and english (language of great britain) is largely spoken.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where many people are asian american and english (language of great britain) is largely spoken.
a severed wasp is a severed wasp from the united states, where english is spoken (as in great britain). the capital of the us is washington d.c. and native americans are an ethnic group there.
the australian novel into battle was preceded by above the veil and its sequel is aenir which in turn was followed by the novel castle and later the violet keystone.
a severed wasp is an american novel written in english (the language of great britain). the leader of the us is barack obama and there are many asian americans.
a severed wasp is from the united states, where barack obama is leader, and english is spoken (as in great britain). the us includes many asian americans.
1634 the ram rebellion (preceded by 1634: the galileo affair) comes from the united states, where barack obama is the president, and its capital city is washington dc. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the us.
the united states is inhabited by americans, including the ethnic group of african americans. the capital city is washington dc and the president is barack obama. the country is also the origin of 1634 the ram rebellion.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states. the country's population includes the ethnic group of asian americans and is led by the president. the language spoken in both the us and great britain is english.
albany is from the united states, where the leader is known as the president. americans inhabit the us, with an ethnic group called asian americans.
switzerland is located in the united states and is part of county county and native americans. the largest city in the united states is atlanta which is part of the us state.
president is located in texas, u.s. the capital of texas is washington d.c. and english is part of the town.
potter county, is located in texas, amarillo and has its as its capital. austin is spoken in texas and english.
the country is located in texas, united states and has austin as its capital. the english language is spoken in the state and texas is part of the city.
anderson, part of the wilson township, is part of fall creek township, new jersey, united states.
anaheim, california is part of california which is part of the california region and is spoken in english. the leader of english is californias 11th state assembly district and san francisco is part of san francisco.
atlanta is part of dekalb county, georgia.
attica, new york is part of wilson township, texas, united states.
lee county, alabama is located in county, new jersey, usa. alabama is part of the company, where the african americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc.
auburn is part of king county, pierce county, ohio, united states.
scott is the largest city in a region, austin, which is part of texas and english is the language spoken.
houston is the largest city in texas where austin is part of springfield and english is the language spoken.
houston is the largest city in texas, austin, which is part of hays county, texas. spanish is spoken there.
indiana is located in the united states, where the language is americans and he is part of the country. the capital of the us is indianapolis and greenville is part of a state.
houston is the largest city in texas which is part of lake county and tarrant county. spanish is spoken there.
the capital of texas in the united states is romania and the capital is asian york. the largest city is austin and it is part of the us.
new jersey is in the united states, atlantic city where white americans are an ethnic group. the capital of the us is washington d.c. and the largest city is new york city.
the united states is inhabited by americans, including the ethnic group of native americans and the capital city is washington dc. albany is located in the u.s. and is part of the limerick.
albany is located in the united states, which is part of the capital in americans. the capital of the us is washington d.c. and asian americans are an ethnic group there.
angola, new york is from the united states where english is the language and english is part of fulton county. americans inhabit the us, where african americans are an ethnic group.
washington d.c. is the capital of the united states where the native americans are an ethnic group and lee is an part of california. spanish is in the city which is part of auburn, alabama.
auburn, alabama is part of the region in the city of brazil. the country are one of the ethnic groups of the city which is part of the native americans.
new jersey is located in the united states, which is part of atlantic city and where the native americans are an ethnic group. the capital of the united states is trenton, new jersey and the largest city is his.
new jersey is in the united states, where the leader is known as the president and the leader is barack obama. english is spoken in the us and new york is part of new york.
angola is from the united states where english is the language and americans is part of americans. americans inhabit the us, with a sub-group being asian americans.
akron, ohio is located in the united states, is part of summit county and the capital city is washington d.c.. the native americans are an ethnic group there and the leader is barack obama.
albany is from the united states where the leader is known as the president. americans inhabit the us and one of the ethnic groups are the african americans.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in gettysburg, seminary ridge, united states. the monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorized as a contributing property and is located in adams county, pennsylvania. to the north of adams county is cumberland county. carrol county and frederick county are found to the southeast and southwest of adams county respectively.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan which is led by prime minister of azerbaijan artur rasizade. the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the capital of azerbaijan is baku and it's president - or official leader - is called artur rasizade. the legislature of azerbaijan is known as the national assembly. the country is the location for the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, which is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is found in turkey, where the capital is ankara and the largest city is istanbul. president of turkey is the official title of the ankara leader - his name is entity-7.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, in the state of kerala which has mahe to its northwest. the college was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology in the city of bangalore has the director dr. g. p. prabhukumar and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university. the institute has 700 postgraduate students and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090..
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india. its president is b.m. reddy and it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technology university. it has 700 postgraduate students.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association, headquartered in brussels. denmark is led by the monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars løkke rasmussen.
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor, india has 250 employees and was established in 2001. mumbai is the largest city in india.
the awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala, india. the largest city in india is mumbai, the leader of india is kochi and one of the rivers of india is the ganges.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was founded in 1928 in the city of aarhus in denmark. the school has 737 academic staff. the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen.
the school of business and social sciences, located in aarhus which is governed by a magistrate and is southwest of mols. the school is affiliated with the european university association, headquartered in brussels.
baymax was created by the american, duncan rouleau and steven t seagle. baymax appeared in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane which is located in italy. he played for fc bari 1908 and is in the vicenza calcio club. the leader of italy is pietro grasso.
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who is a member of the chesterfield f.c. and played for stockport county fc. the city is located in the city of blackpool where the council is run by the uk labour party.
a.s. gubbio 1910 (italy) play in serie d. his are champions of serie d. sergio mattarella leads italy. italian is the language spoken in italy.
located in marousi, the olympic stadium is the ground for aek. the manager of which is gus poyet, whose club is chelsea f.c, and played for real zaragoza.
as gubbio have their ground in italy where the leader is pietro grasso. italian speak italian and its capital city is rome.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, the country which is inhabited by italians. the capital of italy is rome, the official language is italian and the leader is sergio mattarella.
arem-arem, is predominant in nationwide in indonesia, but more specific to java. indonesia is led by jusuf kalla, hails the currency the rupiah and the indonesian is spoken.
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur. the malaysian chinese and malaysian malay are both ethnic groups in malaysia. the dish is found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula.
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur, and two ethnic groups include malaysian indian and malay. asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula.
the capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur, and two ethnic groups include malaysian indian and malay. asam pedas is a dish from sumatra.
abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia where the ethnic groups are the indians and the malay. asam pedas is a food from the malay peninsula in malaysia.
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area, in the united states. the main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon,sausage and bacon.
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states. a political leader there is paul ryan, the capital is washington d.c. and english is the language used and white americans are one of the ethnic groups.
the uk is home to the bacon sandwich which has the main ingredients bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. a variation of the bacon sandwich, which is also known as bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin is a blt.
baked alaska is from the hong kong region of france where the leaders are gerard larcher and manuel valls and the national language is french.
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department in colombia. one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family and belongs to the rosids order.
françois hollande and gérard larcher are both leaders of france, a country where the french language is spoken. barny cakes, made with sponge cake can be found in france.
batagor comes from indonesia, batagor is a variation on the dish shumai or siomay, and includes peanut sauce. joko widodo is the leader of indonesia.
batagor is a dish found in indonesia. batagor is a variant of siomay or shumai and includes shiitake. joko widodo is the leader of indonesia.
batagor comes from indonesia, batagor is a variation on the dish shumai or siomay, which contains shiitake. jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia.
bhaji, bajji are alternative names for bhajji which come from the karnataka region of india. the main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables.
ts thakur is the leader of india where the people are known as indians. bhajji comes from the karnataka region who is led by vajubhai vala.
bhajji is found in the region of karnataka, india, whose leaders include sumitra mahajan and t.s. thakur and people are called indians.
bionico is a dessert dish from the guadalajara region of mexico. it contains chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, raisins.
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico, where the language is spanish and they eat bionico. it is served as a dessert and honey can be used as a variation of it.
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader in mexico, where the dish bionico comes from the jalisco region. it's served as a dessert and honey can be added to it.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain where the leader is carles puidgemont. the country's main ethnic group is the spaniards and arròs negre is led by felipe vi.
in italy, rome is the capital and two of the leaders are laura boldrini and matteo renzi. it is where the language is italian and amatriciana sauce can be found.
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where italians live and the capital is rome. laura boldrini and sergio mattarella are leaders in italy.
matteo renzi and pietro grasso are leaders in italy, where the capital is rome, italian is the language spoken and amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish.
the javenese people are an ethnic group of java, where the food ayam penyet can be found. the dish, which has fried chicken, can be found nationwide, also can be found in malaysia and singapore.
ayam penyet is from java which has a javanese as one of its ethnic groups. this dish is also from singapore whose leader is tony tan. english is spoken in singapore.
batchoy is a dish from the philippines, where arabic is one of the languages spoken and philippine spanish is the spoken language. the chinese filipino and the zamboangans are both ethnic groups in the philippines.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader and spanish is spoken. the population are known as spaniards.
susana diaz is the leader of andalusia where the people are called spain. the spaniards is from ajoblanco in andalusia. the leader of ajoblanco is felipe vi of spain.
alan bean was an american test pilot who was born in wheeler, texas. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired.
alan shepard, born in new hampshire, was a member of nasa's apollo 14 crew. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was an us citizen who was born in british hong kong and served as an crew member of the apollo 8 operated by the nasa with commander frank borman.
buzz aldrin was an american national born in glen ridge, new jersey in january 20, 1930. he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin is an us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and then became an crew member of the mission operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11. he has now retired,.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa and its backup pilot was william anders. buzz aldrin has now retired.
buzz aldrin was born january 20, 1930. buzz aldrin was a member of apollo 11 operated by nasa, where william anders was a backup pilot. buzz aldrin has now retired.
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14 who died in california. dianne feinstein is a senator in the gem benitoite.
alan shepard was an us national. he was born in new hampshire and awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he died in california.
william anders was an us citizen who was born in british hong kong and served as an crew member of apollo 8. he was a fighter pilot and retired on september 1, 1969.
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the faroese language is spoken. tirstrup, part of the central denmark region is the location of aarhus airport.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport can be found in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the airport has an elevation of madrid meters above sea level and has an swiss long runway called 14l/32r.
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force. the airport is elevated its meters above sea level and its runway has a length of habbaniyah. the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in iraq. oraa is the icao location identifier for the airbase. the airport runway name is 08/26 and it has a length of it.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq which has the icao location identifier of oraa. the airport runway is named 08/26 and is it in length.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses ac-130 attack aircrafts. the usaf uses boeing c-17 globemaster iii transport aircrafts and general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon. the usaf fought in the us bombing of libya.
the united states air force operate al asad airbase and use the lockheed ac-130 as an attack aircraft. two of their key battles are the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom.
the alderney airport serves alderney which is a hardcover metres above sea level. alderney airport's first runway is made from poaceae and has a length of labour province, its runway name is 08/26.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is governed by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the runway, which is romance in length, is named 18l/36r.
allama iqbal international airport serves lahore city and is located in punjab, pakistan. the airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the runway name is 18r/36l and it is its long.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, usa. the airport serves alpena, michigan and is situated 210 meters above sea level and has a romanian kilometer long runway.
alpena county regional airport, which serves alpena, is located in the maple ridge township. the airport has a runway named 7/25, which is a county metres long and located 210 metres above sea level.
alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena and is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan. it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway name of 1/19 with a length of silvano.
alpena county regional airport's city serves alpena, michigan in wilson township in the u.s. the airport is 210 m above sea level and its long.
luanda is served by angola international airport which is located in ícolo e bengo and is 159 metres above sea level. its runway is called 05l/23r and it is its long.
the athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis. greek is spoken in greece.
the athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos. greek is spoken in that country.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey in egg harbor township, new jersey. it is in the united states, new jersey. its leader is don guardian /.
charles michel and philippe of belgium are both leaders in belgium where the capital is brussels. antwerp, a popular tourist destination, is served by antwerp international airport.
atlantic city international airport, which has the icao location identifier of kacy, is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, new jersey, united states.
adirondack regional airport serves lake placid, harrietstown, and also saranac lake which is part of new york.
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid, and saranac lake, essex county, harrietstown, new york, united states.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand. the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter.
ram naik is the leader in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and is the location of agra airport. the airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. fuad masum is the prime minister of the country and the leader is haider al-abadi. arabic is one of the languages spoken in the country.
completed in 1985, 200 public square is located in cleveland. cleveland is part of cuyahoga county in ohio in the united states.
construction of 250 delaware avenue, buffalo, n.y., began in january, 2014. the building has 12 floors, a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and has the architectural style of a region.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois (the capital of which is springfield), united states. rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago.
marriott international (founded in washington d.c.) is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark. margrethe ii of denmark is the leader of denmark and one of the languages spoken in the country is faroese.
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc. it is the current tenant of the ac hotel bella sky in denmark where one of the languages used greenlandic.
denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken greenlandic. the current tenant of the hotel is marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
augustus pugin (born in bloomsbury) was the architect of adare manor, the palace of westminster system, and the republic of ireland.
addis ababa city hall, which was completed in 1964, has a height of 42 m. addis ababa city hall commenced in 1961, and its floor area is 140000.0 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture, japan. the akita museum has 3 floors and is located at 1-4-2 nakadori.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. tarō asō is the leader of japan, where there is an ethnic group of chinese people.
alan b miller hall is in virginia, the school of business. the architect was the united states and the current owner is robert a.m. stern but the current tenants are the college of william and mary.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india. gujarat's leader is known as the gujarat legislative assembly and the leader in the country of india is sumitra mahajan.
ampara hospital is situated in ampara district, eastern province of sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader. the leader of the country is ranil wickremesinghe.
"ampara hospital is in sri lanka and is situated in the eastern province state of sri lanka. ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka and the eastern provincial council is the governing body of eastern province. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka.".
the architect julia morgan (born in san francisco) was the architect of the asilomar conference grounds, asilomar state beach, hearst castle and the los angeles herald examiner building,.
the architect julia morgan (born in san francisco) was the architect of asilomar conference grounds, asilomar state beach, hearst castle and the riverside art museum.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, part of manhattan, in the united states. part of it is new netherland where one of the leaders is cyrus vance jr.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham, with postcode. labour politician, clancy is the leader of birmingham, with the city council as the governing body.
the leader of the united states is called the president and the leader is barack obama. john roberts is a leader in the united states. the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and has the capital of washington dc.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was erected in 2000 in adams county, seminary ridge, pennsylvania, united states. it falls under the category of contributing property.
adams county in pennsylvania is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county. southeast is carrol county, maryland and frederick county, maryland is to the southwest. the 11th monument is located in adams county and is categorised as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan, a country led by artur rasizade, entity-8.
the baku turkish martyrs memorial (known as türk şehitleri anıtı) was designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner in red granite and white marble, and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument, which was established on july 11, 1907, is in the historic district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland, united states.
alan bean is an us national who was born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932. he was a test pilot and spent 100305.0 (minutes) in space. he is now retired.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he was a crew member of nasa operated apollo 14 as a crew member and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the us navy, which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
alan bean (born alan lavern bean) was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 12 with alfred worden as a backup pilot. the commander of apollo 12 was david scott and alan bean retired in june 1981.
us buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot. he was a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge on january 20, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 before being a crew member of the apollo 11 mission operated by nasa. william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin is an us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and was an crew member of apollo 11, which was operated by nasa. william anders was an backup pilot on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963 and was selected to work for nasa 1963. he served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member on that mission.
diane feinstein represents the state of california, where one can find the gemstone beintoite, as a senator. he recently died there. he was the recipient of the distinguished service medal, a award higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was an us citizen who was born in british hong kong. he graduated from afit, m.s. 1962. he was a fighter pilot and served as an crew member on apollo 8. he retired in september 1, 1969.
william anders (born in british hong kong) was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8 with frank borman. william anders retired on september 1, 1969.
in 1962, william anders received afit, m.s. 1962 from his alma mater. william anders was a crew member on apollo 8 operated by nasa with buzz aldrin a the backup pilot and frank borman as a crew member.
the city of mendrisio in ticino, switzerland is the location of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was established in 1996. the dean is mario botta and there are 100 academic staff.
in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090. is the location of the acharya institute of technology in the state of karnataka, india. the institute has 700 postgraduate students and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology's campus in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090., india was established in 2000. its president is b.m. reddy and it is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which is headquartered in brussels. denmark is led by the monarch of denmark, lars løkke rasmussen and the religion is the church of denmark.
school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. its dean is thomas pallesen and the current leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college in kerala, india was established in 2001. the largest city in india is mumbai, and the country's leader is kochi and one of the rivers of india is the ganges.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania where the ethnic group is germans of romania and the capital is bucharest. romania's leader is klaus iohannis and it's patron saint is andrew the apostle. the anthem of romania is deșteaptă-te
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928. it has 16000 students and 737 academic staff. denmark's leader is lars løkke rasmussen.
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey, where the capital is ankara, but the largest city is istanbul; the currency of turkey is turkish lira and in turkey the ataturk monument stands, inaugurated on bronze.
president ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey which is the location of the ataturk monument designed by pietro canonica. the monument is made of bronze and was inaugurated on july 27, 1932.
the leader of turkey, where the official title of the leader is president of turkey, is ahmet davutoglu. the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul. the currency used in the country is the turkish lira. the ataturk monument (izmir), that is located in turkey, was inaugurated on the ataturk monument (izmir).
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio, switzerland. it was established in 1996, and it has 100 academic staff and 600 students. its dean is mario botta. the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000 in karnataka. its president is b.m. reddy, its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and its motto is nurturing excellence.
karnataka is located southwest of telangana and has the arabian sea to the west. karnataka is the location of the acharya institute of technology which was granted technical campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai. the institute offers the sport of tennis which has the international tennis as its governing body.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia, romania. its capital is bucharest and it is klaus iohannis. ethnically the country is largely germanic and the national anthem is deșteaptă-te
the school of business and is located in aarhus, denmark and it was established in 1928. its dean is thomas pallesen, it has 737 academic staff and lars løkke rasmussen as its leader. the school is affiliated to the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences is located in aarhus, denmark and it is affiliated to the european university association (hq in brussels). denmark has the monarchy of denmark and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen. denmark is governed by a magistrate.
the school of business and social sciences is located in aarhus, denmark. it was established in 1928 and it has 16000 students. its dean is thomas pallesen. the school is affiliated with the european university association. its latin name is universitas aarhusiensis.
alan bean is a united states national who was born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932. alan bean graduated from ut austin, b.s. 1955, texas was a test pilot, who was on the crew of apollo 12. alan bean is now retired.
alan shepard was born on november 18, 1923 in new hampshire and graduated nwc, m.a. 1957. he served as a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1959. alan died in california.
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot and crew member of apollo 12, which was operated by nasa. david scott was the commander of apollo 12, while alfred worden was a backup pilot for apollo 12.
edwin e. aldrin, jr., also known as buzz aldrin, was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 as a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was an american, who was born in glen ridge new jersey on january 20, 1930. he graduated massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963, then served as a fighter pilot and later was a member of the apollo 11 crew. he spent 52.0 (minutes) in space.
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20, 1930. he graduated massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. he was a crew member on apollo 11 and won 20. he is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin joined nasa in 1963 and became a crew member of apollo 11. he has since retired.
buzz aldrin is an us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology, sc.d. 1963. buzz aldrin was an crew member on apollo 11, operated by nasa. he is now william anders.
william anders is an us national, who was born in british hong kong on october 17, 1933. he was a fighter pilot and served as an crew member on apollo 8. he retired in september 1, 1969.
william anders was an us citizen who was born in british hong kong. he was an crew member on the apollo 8 operated by nasa with frank borman. he retired on september 1, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17, 1933. he was a fighter pilot, who was chosen by nasa in 1963. william anders was a crew member on apollo 8 and spent 8820.0 (minutes) in space. william anders retired on september 1, 1969.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart.
aaron s. daggett was involved in battle of mine run.
ab klink was born in stellendam, netherlands.
abdul rahman yakub has a total area of tuanku bujang tuanku othman.
abdul taib mahmud has a total area of parti bumiputera sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud has a total area of sulaiman abdul rahman taib.
abdulsalami abubakar has a total area of may 29, 1999.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.
abner w. sibal has a total area of january 3, 1965.
abner w. sibal died in alexandria, virginia.
adam holloway was born in kent.
adam holloway resides in gravesend.
the alma mater of adenan satem is university of adelaide.
adolf schärf was born in mikulov.
adonis georgiadis has a total area of antonis samaras.
adonis georgiadis has a total area of deputy minister for development, competitiveness and shipping.
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf.
agnes ward white was born in marietta, ohio.
airey neave has a total area of june 30, 1953.
airey neave won military cross.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london.
airey neave has a total area of lieutenant colonel.
airey neave has a total area of 1935.
albert b. white has a total area of republican party (united states).
albert b. white has a total area of agnes ward white.
albert jennings fountain has a total area of union army.
the nationality of alberto teisaire is argentina.
alberto teisaire has a total area of rear admiral in the argentine navy.
alfons gorbach died in austria.
alfred moore scales has a total area of march 4, 1875.
alfred moore scales was involved in battle of chancellorsville.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.
alfred n. phillips has a total area of mayor of stamford, connecticut.
allan shivers has a total area of january 21, 1947.
allan shivers has a total area of united states army.
allan shivers has a total area of price daniel.
alvah sabin has a total area of march 4, 1853.
alvah sabin has a total area of whig party (united states).
robert e. lee is the commander of american civil war.
austrian german is spoken in austria.
robert e. lee is the commander of battle of antietam.
battle of cold harbor has a total area of american civil war.
the leader of buenos aires is gabriela michetti.
colin powell is the commander of gulf war.
john f. kennedy has a total area of dwight d. eisenhower.
the alma mater of josef klaus is university of vienna.
juan carlos i of spain has a total area of francisco franco.
juan perón has a total area of labour party (argentina).
the leader of netherlands is mark rutte.
united states army was involved in spanish-american war.
william m. o. dawson was born in bloomington, maryland.
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet.
1955 dodge has a total area of 230 (cubic inches).
a-rosa luna has a total area of april 7, 2005.
aida cruises is in rostock.
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises.
aidastella has a total area of march 16, 2013.
aidastella was completed in march 11, 2013.
aidastella has a total area of march 17, 2013.
aidastella is operated by aida cruises.
alv x-1 has a total area of mid-atlantic regional spaceport.
amc matador is also known as american motors matador.
ara veinticinco de mayo (v-2) is now sold to the netherlands 1 april 1948.
abarth 1000 gt coupé has a total area of straight-four engine.
acura tlx has a total area of honda k engine.
acura tlx has a total area of awd (vehicle).
acura tlx has a total area of honda accord.
acura tlx has a total area of 9-speed zf 9hp automatic (v6).
alfa romeo 164 has a total area of arese.
alfa romeo 164 has a total area of lancia thema.
alfa romeo 164 has a total area of 4-speed automatic (zf 4hp18qe).
alhambra has a total area of samuda brothers.
alhambra has a total area of 8.3 m.
alhambra is now wrecked.
alhambra has a total area of 18.52.
alvis speed 25 has a total area of straight-six engine.
alvis speed 25 has a total area of 1937.
american submarine nr-1 has a total area of 4.6 m.
antares (rocket) has a total area of october 28, 2014.
antares (rocket) has a total area of mid-atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0.
the leader of argentina is gabriela michetti.
ariane 5 has a total area of guiana space centre.
ariane 5 has a total area of august 11, 2005.
aston martin v8 has a total area of convertible.
aston martin v8 has a total area of aston martin.
aston martin virage has a total area of aston martin.
atlas ii has a total area of march 16, 1998.
atlas ii has a total area of vandenberg air force base.
august horch is the founder of audi.
audi a1 has a total area of audi brussels.
audi a1 has a total area of seat ibiza.
caterpillar inc. is in peoria, illinois.
costa crociere is in genoa.
desoto custom has a total area of chrysler newport.
fiat croma has a total area of alfa romeo 164.
germans inhabit germany.
the leader of germany is norbert lammert.
the leader of germany is stanislaw tillich.
giovanni bertone is the founder of gruppo bertone.
the headquarters of guiana space centre are in kourou, french guiana.
honda k engine has a total area of honda.
the anthem of the united states is called the star-spangled banner.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
silvio berlusconi is the chairman of a.c. milan.
aaron boogaard was born in canada.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen.
abel hernández plays for uruguay olympic football team.
abel hernández plays for uruguay national football team.
abner (footballer) was born in brazil.
adam maher was born in diemen.
adam maher was born in netherlands.
adam maher plays for netherlands national under-17 football team.
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for iraq national football team.
akeem adams was born in point fortin.
akeem dent has a total area of atlanta falcons.
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies.
al-khor sports club play in qatar stars league.
the manager of al-zawraa sc is basim qasim.
al kharaitiyat sc has a total area of qatar stars league.
alaa abdul-zahra was born in baghdad.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f.c..
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c..
alan martin (footballer) plays for scotland national under-19 football team.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born on september 2, 1995.
aleksander barkov, jr. plays for florida panthers.
aleksander barkov, jr. is 1.905 high.
aleksander barkov, jr. play in national hockey league.
aleksandr prudnikov was born on february 24, 1989.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm.
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi.
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia.
aleksandre guruli plays for georgia national under-21 football team.
alessio romagnoli is in the a.s. roma club.
alessio romagnoli is affiliated with the club.
alex plante was born in manitoba.
alex tyus play in turkish basketball super league.
atlanta falcons is located in atlanta.
boston bruins has a total area of don sweeney.
budapest is located in hungary.
english is spoken in canada.
slavey language is spoken in canada.
columbus blue jackets is located in columbus, ohio.
the manager of fc karpaty lviv is oleh luzhny.
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov.
gábor kubatov is the chairman of ferencvárosi tc.
finnish language is spoken in finland.
italy national under-16 football team has a total area of daniele zoratto.
maccabi ashdod b.c. has a total area of zvi sherf.
motherwell f.c. ground is in fir park.
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean-michel aulas.
st. louis rams is located in st louis.
tennessee titans is located in nashville, tennessee.
aaron bertram has a total area of 1998.
aaron deer has a total area of the horns of happiness.
aaron deer has a total area of kill rock stars.
aaron turner is part of avant-garde metal.
aaron turner is part of progressive metal.
abradab has a total area of solo singer.
abradab was born on november 12, 1978.
abradab was born in poland.
abradab is part of hip hop music.
agustín barboza is part of guarania (music).
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul, turkey.
alan frew is part of rock music.
albennie jones has a total area of sammy price.
aleksandra kovač has a total area of solo singer.
aleksandra kovač was born in yugoslavia.
aleksandra kovač is part of rhythm and blues.
aleksandra kovač is part of soul music.
alex day is part of synthpop.
alfredo zitarrosa has a total area of héctor numa moraes.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay.
alfredo zitarrosa has a total area of rca records.
alison odonnell has a footballer of 1963.
alison odonnell is part of jazz.
alison odonnell has a total area of voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
allen forrest was born on february 4, 1981.
allen forrest is part of pop music.
alligator records is located in chicago.
anders osborne has a total area of johnny sansone.
anders osborne is part of rhythm and blues.
anders osborne has a total area of alligator records.
andra (singer) is part of rhythm and blues.
the building at andrew rayel has 2009.
andrew rayel has a total area of christian burns.
andrew rayel was born in chișinău, moldova.
andrew white (musician) has a total area of marry banilow.
andrew white (musician) has a total area of b-unique records.
asunción is part of gran asunción.
christian burns has a total area of guitar.
hip hop music has a total area of gangsta rap.
hip hop music has a total area of funk.
indie rock has a total area of new wave music.
manchester is part of greater manchester.
polydor records is located in london.
rca records has a total area of sony music entertainment.
rock and roll has a total area of blues.
synthpop has a total area of pop music.
the demonym for natives of the united kingdom is british people.
(19255) 1994 vk8 has a total area of 2.0 (grampercubiccentimetres).
(29075) 1950 da has a total area of carl a. wirtanen.
(410777) 2009 fd has a total area of 22.1.
(410777) 2009 fd has a total area of 259776702.47055 (kilometres).
(66063) 1998 ro1 has a total area of 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
(66063) 1998 ro1 has a total area of november 4, 2013.
1000 piazzia has a total area of 0.0252 (kilometreperseconds).
1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc.
1001 gaussia has a total area of 165.0 (kelvins).
101 helena has a total area of 441092000.0 (kilometres).
101 helena has a total area of december 31, 2006.
101 helena has a total area of 3.0 (kilograms).
1036 ganymed has a total area of 16.86 (kilometreperseconds).
103 hera has a total area of 7.66.
103 hera has a total area of 7.9 (kilograms).
107 camilla has a total area of 7.08.
107 camilla has a total area of a. storrs.
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va; a904 vd;.
1089 tama has a total area of 1202.846 (days).
1097 vicia has a total area of 17.92 (kilometreperseconds).
1097 vicia has a total area of december 31, 2006.
1097 vicia has a total area of 95040.0.
109 felicitas has a total area of christian heinrich friedrich peters.
109 felicitas has a total area of 283326000000.0.
10 hygiea has a total area of 16.76 (kilometreperseconds).
1101 clematis has a total area of 445895000000.0.
110 lydia has a total area of december 31, 2006.
11264 claudiomaccone has a total area of 173.0 (kelvins).
the alma mater of james craig watson is university of michigan.
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart and fought in battle of fredericksburg.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart and fought in battle of gettysburg.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from technical institute, kaduna.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abner w. sibal, which was involved in world war ii, has the commander joseph stalin.
united states army fought battles in the korean war.
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college, cambridge.
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend.
adam koc won virtuti militari and fought in world war i.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens, born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in greece.
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf.
airey neave won military cross.
airey neave was involved in battle of france.
airey neave, which was involved in battle of france, has the commander hugo sperrle.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii.
airey neave, which was involved in world war ii, has the commander franklin d. roosevelt.
airey neave, which was involved in world war ii, has the commander joseph stalin.
albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856.
albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856.
albert jennings fountain, born in new york city, died in doña ana county, new mexico.
albert jennings fountain died in new mexico territory.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alfons gorbach was born in austria, who was born in austria-hungary.
alfons gorbach was born in austria, who was born in tyrol (state).
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the alma mater of daniel gould fowle is princeton university.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut.
united states army was involved in american civil war.
allan shivers, which was involved in world war ii, has the commander joseph stalin.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alvah sabin was born on october 23, 1793.
agnes kant is from netherlands, where the currency is the euro.
agnes kant is located in netherlands where the leader is mark rutte.
albert b. white died in parkersburg, west virginia, united states.
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for wichita thunder.
the manager of peñarol is jorge orosmán da silva, who plays for abel hernández.
abel hernández plays for peñarol. abel hernández now plays for entity-3.
adam maher plays for the club and netherlands national under-17 football team.
adam maher plays for netherlands national under-17 football team. adam maher now plays for entity-3.
ahmad kadhim assad plays for al shorta sc. ahmad kadhim assad now plays for entity-3.
the manager of ferencvárosi tc is thomas doll, who plays for akeem adams.
akeem adams plays for t&tec sports club. akeem adams now plays for entity-3.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
akeem dent was born on september 27, 1987.
akeem priestley plays for connecticut huskies. akeem priestley now plays for entity-3.
akeem priestley plays for rops. akeem priestley now plays for entity-3.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for al-khor sports club and al khor.
the manager of al kharaitiyat sc is amar osim, who plays for alaa abdul-zahra.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c.. alan martin (footballer) now plays for entity-3.
alan martin (footballer) plays for hamilton academical f.c. and new douglas park.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born on september 2, 1995 and plays for florida panthers.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born in tampere, finland and plays for florida panthers.
the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov, who plays for aleksandr chumakov.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar. aleksandr prudnikov now plays for entity-3.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and russian football national league.
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi. aleksandre guruli now plays for entity-3.
alex plante was born in manitoba.
alex tyus was born on january 8, 1988 and plays for pallacanestro cantù.
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b.c. and turkish basketball super league.
alex plante was born in brandon, manitoba where conservative party of canada is the leader.
adam mcquaid was born in canada and has the national anthem of o canada.
adam mcquaid was born in canada and uses english.
the manager of fc dinamo batumi is levan khomeriki, who plays for aleksandre guruli.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and otkrytiye arena.
akeem priestley plays for rops and veikkausliiga.
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f.c. and palo seco velodrome.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abradab was born in katowice and is the birthplace of november 12, 1978.
abradab was born in katowice, which was born in poland.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
agustín barboza was born in paraguay.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alfred garth jones was born in england.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
polydor records is located in london.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
walter baade was born in german empire.
the nationality of walter baade is germany.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the nationality of james craig watson is canada.
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham.
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha; 1927 wb;.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
aida cruises is located in germany and is operated by aidastella.
aida cruises is located in rostock and is operated by aidaluna.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
amc matador was designed by richard a. teague.
ara veinticinco de mayo (v-2) is located in argentina.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alvis car and engineering company is located in coventry.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
ara veinticinco de mayo (v-2) is located in argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
airbus group is the parent company of airbus defence and space.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
audi belongs to the division of audi e-tron.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
douglas r. oberhelman is a key person at caterpillar inc..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the leader of finland is juha sipilä.
general dynamics is the parent company of general dynamics electric boat.
mtu friedrichshafen is owned by rolls-royce holdings.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the uk.
aaron s. daggett has won purple heart who was born in maine and fought in battle of fredericksburg.
ab klink was born in netherlands and graduated from erasmus university rotterdam.
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak.
abdul taib mahmud was born in kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak.
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from technical institute, kaduna.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abel caballero was born in galicia (spain), who was born in ponteareas.
abel caballero was born in galicia (spain), which was born in spain.
abner w. sibal, which was involved in world war ii, has the commander joseph stalin.
abner w. sibal was born in ridgewood, queens.
adam holloway, which was involved in gulf war, has the commander george h. w. bush.
adam holloway was born in faversham and graduated from magdalene college, cambridge.
adam koc was born in congress poland, fought in polish-soviet war and has the commander leon trotsky.
adam koc, which was involved in polish-soviet war, has the commander leon trotsky.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens, born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens, born in greece.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
agnes kant is netherlands whose leader is mark rutte.
agnes kant is netherlands whose leader is mark rutte.
agnes kant was born in west germany and graduated from radboud university nijmegen.
airey neave was involved in world war ii.
airey neave was involved in world war ii.
albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856.
agnes ward white was born in marietta, ohio.
albert jennings fountain was born in staten island and died in the us, where african americans are an ethnic group.
albert jennings fountain, born in new york, died in new mexico territory.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in the united states.
horacio rodríguez larreta is the leader of buenos aires where the governing body is buenos aires city legislature and died in alberto teisaire.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alvah sabin is from the vermont region where the largest city is burlington, vermont.
alvah sabin was born on october 23, 1793 whose leader is whig party (united states).
alvah sabin was born in georgia, vermont where whig party (united states) is the leader.
albert jennings fountain, who was born in the us, fought in american civil war and has the commander abraham lincoln.
alfred moore scales, which was involved in battle of fredericksburg, has the commander american civil war.
alfons gorbach was born in county of tyrol, died in austria, where doris bures is the leader.
alfons gorbach was born in tyrol (state), died in austria, where doris bures is the leader.
alfons gorbach died in austria where the leader is doris bures.
aaron s. daggett, which was involved in battle of salem church, has the commander robert e. lee.
ab klink, a netherlands national, was born in stellendam and uses the euro.
adam koc is its home to kashubians and the language spoken polish language.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
walter baade is germany who graduated from university of göttingen.
james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson died in madison, wisconsin.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham, which is a citizen of england.
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va; a904 vd;.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
1097 vicia was formerly called 1928 pc.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abradab was born on november 12, 1978.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
agustín barboza was born in asunción, whose leader is paraguay and was born in juan afara.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
albennie jones was born in errata, mississippi.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alfred garth jones, born in england, died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones, an uk national, was born in england and died in london.
alfred garth jones, an uk national, was born in manchester and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in manchester, led by the labour party and died in sidcup.
alfred garth jones is located in london, which is led by boris johnson.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama.
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
albennie jones was born in errata, mississippi where one of the ethnic groups is the united states and the birth place is african american.
1955 dodge is also known as dodge coronet.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
costa crociere is the owner of aidastella in aida cruises which is operated by germany.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
american locomotive company was founded in schenectady, new york.
americans inhabit the us, where african americans are an ethnic group.
washington dc is the capital of the united states and native americans are one of the ethnic groups.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
rome is the capital of italy.
rome is the capital of italy.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alhambra is now wrecked.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry.
roy d. chapin, jr. is a key person at american motors.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is known as the president.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
caterpillar inc. is located in peoria, illinois, which was founded in california.
aida cruises is the owner of aidaluna, which is located in caterpillar inc..
costa crociere is the owner of aidastella in genoa which is operated by aida cruises.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the headquarters of guiana space centre are in french guiana.
guiana space centre is in kourou, french guiana.
neptun werft is located in rostock.
americans inhabit the us, where african americans are an ethnic group.
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen and vfl wolfsburg.
dieter hecking has been the manager of vfl wolfsburg and plays for both aaron hunt and sv werder bremen ii.
abel hernández plays for hull city a.f.c. and u.s. città di palermo.
abel hernández plays for peñarol and u.s. città di palermo.
adam maher plays for the club az alkmaar and psv eindhoven.
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f.c. and w connection f.c.. akeem adams home ground is palo seco.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
akeem dent was born in atlanta, georgia and is the birthplace of september 27, 1987.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for iraq national under-20 football team and shabab al-ordon club.
alaa abdul-zahra played for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al-ordon club. alaa abdul-zahra home ground is al khor.
alan martin (footballer) plays for clyde f.c. and hamilton academical f.c..
alan martin (footballer) played for accrington stanley f.c. and motherwell f.c.. alan martin (footballer) home ground is accrington.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born in tampere, finland on september 2, 1995. aleksander barkov, jr. played for florida panthers.
aleksander barkov, jr. was born in tampere, finland and is the birthplace of september 2, 1995.
aleksandr chumakov was born in soviet union, died in russia, where vladimir putin is the leader.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc alania vladikavkaz and fc kuban krasnodar.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and russia national football b team.
aleksandre guruli played for azal pfk and olympique lyonnais. aleksandre guruli home ground is parc olympique lyonnais.
aleksandre guruli played for olympique lyonnais and us lesquin. aleksandre guruli home ground is parc olympique lyonnais.
siniša mihajlović has been the manager of a.c. milan and plays for both alessio romagnoli and italy national under-16 football team.
siniša mihajlović has been the manager of a.c. milan and plays for both alessio romagnoli and u.c. sampdoria.
alessio romagnoli plays for a.s. roma and italy national under-16 football team.
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for italy national under-17 football team. alessio romagnoli is also played for u.c. sampdoria.
alex plante, born in brandon, manitoba, has a height of 1.9304 and anyang halla.
alex plante, born in canada, has a height of 1.9304 and anyang halla.
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b.c. and euroleague.
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b.c. and turkish basketball super league.
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow and fc tom tomsk. aleksandr prudnikov home ground is otkrytiye arena.
fc spartak moscow ground is otkrytiye arena, who plays for aleksandr prudnikov.
aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow. aleksandr chumakov now manages valery petrakov and played in 2014-15 russian premier league.
steve bruce has been the manager of hull city a.f.c. and plays for both abel hernández and uruguay olympic football team.
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow, died in russia, where sergey sobyanin is the leader.
luis miguel ramis has been the manager of real madrid castilla and plays for both abner (footballer) and brazil national under-20 football team.
luis miguel ramis manages real madrid castilla and plays for abner (footballer). luis miguel ramis also plays for c.d.
alex tyus was born in st louis, part of greater st. louis and is led by francis g slay.
tennessee titans is located in nashville, tennessee.
akeem adams played for trinidad and tobago national under-20 football team and united petrotrin f.c.. akeem adams home ground is palo seco.
alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii. alexander nouri has played for aaron hunt and sv werder bremen, and plays for 3 liga.
steve bruce has been the manager of hull city a.f.c. and plays for both abel hernández and peñarol.
jorge orosmán da silva has been the manager of peñarol and plays for both abel hernández and central español.
giuseppe iachini has been the manager of u.s. città di palermo and plays for abel hernández and the league.
adam mcquaid was born in prince edward island and is the birthplace of october 12, 1986.
columbus blue jackets, located in columbus, ohio, plays for adam mcquaid.
akeem ayers was born on july 10, 1989.
akeem dent was born in atlanta, georgia and is the birthplace of september 27, 1987.
akeem dent was born in atlanta, georgia and is the birthplace of september 27, 1987.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for al-zawraa sc and al kharaitiyat sc. alaa abdul-zahra also manages amar osim and has a ground in al khor.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and iraq national under-23 football team. alaa abdul-zahra also manages amar osim and has a ground in al khor.
alaa abdul-zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and shabab al-ordon club. alaa abdul-zahra also manages amar osim and has a ground in al khor.
alan martin (footballer) plays for crewe alexandra f.c. and hamilton academical f.c.. alan martin (footballer) is a height of 185.42 (centimetres).
alan martin (footballer) plays for crewe alexandra f.c. and scotland national under-21 football team. alan martin (footballer) is a height of 185.42 (centimetres).
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc dynamo moscow and fc kuban krasnodar. aleksandr prudnikov is a height of 185.0 (centimetres).
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc rubin kazan and fc spartak moscow. aleksandr prudnikov is a height of 185.0 (centimetres).
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and has a height of 178.0 (centimetres). aleksandre guruli also plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni.
alex plante was born in canada on may 9, 1989. alex plante played for anyang halla.
alex plante, born in canada, has a height of 1.9304 and anyang halla.
aaron boogaard was born in canada, which leader is elizabeth ii, inuktitut is the language spoken and o canada is the national anthem.
aaron boogaard was born in canada and led by elizabeth ii. aaron boogaard has an ethnic group called asian canadians and the national anthem is o canada.
aaron boogaard was born in canada, which leader is elizabeth ii, slavey language is the language spoken and o canada is the national anthem.
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc terek grozny. aleksandr prudnikov also manages rashid rakhimov and has a ground in grozny.
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow. valery petrakov has played for aleksandr chumakov and played in 2014-15 russian premier league. the chairman of fc torpedo moscow is aleksandr tukmanov.
houston texans is located in houston, texas.
the manager of hull city a.f.c. is steve bruce who plays for abel hernández and play in the peñarol league.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
1001 gaussia was formerly called 1923 oaa907 xc.
walter baade was born in german empire and graduated from university of göttingen.
walter baade was born in preußisch oldendorf and graduated from university of göttingen.
walter baade graduated from university of göttingen and died in west germany.
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson is canada who died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson is canada who died in madison, wisconsin.
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai.
n. r. pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai.
1089 tama was formerly called a894 va; a904 vd;.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
10 hygiea was formerly called a900 ga.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
1101 clematis was formerly called 1928 sj.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
costa crociere is the owner of aidastella in aida cruises which is operated by rostock.
costa crociere is the owner of aidastella, which is operated by aida cruises.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
american locomotive company was founded in schenectady, new york.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
amc matador is also known as american motors matador.
amc matador (also known as vam classic) is a class of mid-size car.
acura tlx is in the class mid-size car.
acura tlx is in the class luxury vehicle.
aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) is now in service.
finland is inhabited by finns and the leader is juha sipilä.
aleksey chirikov (icebreaker) is now in service.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alhambra is now wrecked.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry.
alvis car and engineering company was founded in coventry.
roy d. chapin, jr. is a key person at american motors.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the capital of the united kingdom is london.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
audi a1 is in the class supermini.
august horch is the founder of audi, which belongs to the division of audi e-tron.
caterpillar inc., illinois, is owned by aidaluna, founded in aida cruises.
costa crociere is the owner of aidastella in genoa which is operated by aida cruises.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
general dynamics electric boat is located in groton, connecticut, whose parent company is general dynamics.
rostock is from germany where the leader is stanislaw tillich and the location is neptun werft.
english is the language of the united states, where the capital is washington dc and one of the ethnic groups is african american.
the demonym for people living in the united states is americans, the capital city is washington d.c. and one of the ethnic groups is african american.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
ace wilder was born in stockholm and is the birthplace of july 23, 1982.
ace wilder was born in sweden and is the birthplace of july 23, 1982.
ace wilder, born in stockholm, performs as songwriter.
ace wilder, born in sweden, performs as songwriter.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
albennie jones was born in the us, where african americans are an ethnic group.
aleksandra kovač was born in belgrade.
aleksandra kovač was born in socialist republic of serbia.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alfred garth jones was born in england in manchester and died in london.
daniel martínez (politician) is the leader of montevideo where the demonym for the inhabitants are known as uruguay. uruguayans is located in montevideo and died in alfredo zitarrosa.
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
deram records is located in london.
deram records is located in london.
allen forrest was born in fort campbell.
allen forrest was born in fort campbell, ky, raised in dothan, al.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alligator records is located in chicago.
andra (singer), born in romania, has singing.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
agustín barboza died in asunción, gran asunción. the leader of asunción is paraguay and agustín barboza died in juan afara.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alfred garth jones was born in england, manchester, which is led by greater manchester and was born in the labour party.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
albennie jones was born in the us, where the african americans are an ethnic group.
aaron s. daggett was born in maine and won purple heart. aaron s. daggett died in west roxbury with american civil war.
aaron s. daggett was born in maine and won purple heart. aaron s. daggett died in west roxbury with battle of the wilderness.
ab klink was born in netherlands, graduated from erasmus university rotterdam and is affiliated with association of mbas.
abdul taib mahmud, born in miri, malaysia, lives in kuching and is from the asajaya region.
abdul taib mahmud, born in kingdom of sarawak, lives in sarawak and is from the asajaya region.
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in abdul taib mahmud.
adenan satem was born in japanese occupation of british borneo and lives in abdul taib mahmud.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abel caballero was born in galicia (spain).
abel caballero was born in galicia (spain), which was born in spain.
abraham a. ribicoff is us who was born in new britain, connecticut and the native americans are an ethnic group.
adam holloway was born in kent, graduated from magdalene college, cambridge and fought in gulf war.
adam koc is poland who fought in polish-soviet war. the language spoken in the city is polish language and the commander was joseph stalin.
adam koc, involved in polish-soviet war, died in new york city, where joseph stalin is the commander.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens, born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens, born in greece.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens, born in greece.
agnes kant, a netherlands national, is the leader of socialist party (netherlands), where the currency is emile roemer.
agnes kant is netherlands whose leader is mark rutte.
agnes kant is netherlands led by mark rutte and socialist party (netherlands).
agnes kant is netherlands whose leader is socialist party (netherlands).
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london and fought in battle of france.
airey neave was born in knightsbridge, london and fought in battle of france.
airey neave, which was involved in world war ii, has the commander chiang kai-shek.
albert b. white, who was born in cleveland, died in parkersburg, west virginia, having been born in william m. o. dawson.
albert b. white was born in cleveland.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and fought in american civil war. french is the language spoken in new york and the commander was abraham lincoln.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york. albert jennings fountain fought in american civil war and has the commander jefferson davis. albert jennings fountain died in doña ana county, new mexico.
albert jennings fountain was born in new york, died in new mexico territory and died in the united states.
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodríguez larreta.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina.
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville, north carolina.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut and fought in united states army.
alfred n. phillips was born in connecticut.
alfred n. phillips was born in darien, connecticut.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas.
allan shivers was born in lufkin, texas.
burlington, vermont is the largest city in vermont which is the region of alvah sabin in vermonts 3rd congressional district.
alvah sabin is from the vermont region, where whig party (united states) is the leader and daniel webster is the largest city.
aaron s. daggett won purple heart, fought in battle of gettysburg and has the commander american civil war.
argentina is the nationality of alberto teisaire, where spanish is spoken.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina.
aida cruises is located in germany and is owned by aidastella. costa crociere is the parent company of aidastella. carnival corporation & plc is the operating organization for aida cruises.
aidastella is operated by aida cruises.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the population are known as americans. the country's capital is washington dc and the national anthem is the star-spangled banner.
amc matador (also known as american motors matador) is a class of mid-size car.
p&o (company) owns alhambra in london.
roy d. chapin, jr. is a key person at american motors.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
french guiana is the headquarters of guiana space centre which is located in arianespace and is operated by courcouronnes.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
audi a1 is in the class supermini.
august horch is the founder of audi, which belongs to the division of audi e-tron.
caterpillar inc. was founded in california and is owned by aidaluna. caterpillar inc. is located in aida cruises, which was founded in peoria, illinois.
aida cruises is located in rostock and is owned by aidaluna. the key person at caterpillar inc. is douglas r. oberhelman.
caterpillar inc. is located in peoria, illinois and is owned by aidaluna. the key person at aida cruises is douglas r. oberhelman.
costa crociere is located in genoa and is owned by aidastella. carnival corporation & plc is the parent company of aidastella. aida cruises is the operating organization for costa crociere.
finns is the inhabitants of finland where sami languages is spoken. the leader of finns is juha sipilä.
rostock is located in germany and the capital city is berlin. joachim gauck is the leader of germany and neptun werft is the location of germany.
rostock is located in germany and the capital city is berlin. andreas voßkuhle is the leader of germany and neptun werft is the location of germany.
the native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the population are known as americans. the country's capital is washington d.c. and english is the language spoken.
jorge orosmán da silva has been the manager of peñarol and plays for both abel hernández and central español.
valery petrakov has been the manager of fc torpedo moscow and plays for both aleksandr chumakov and soviet union national football team.
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv and olympique lyonnais. aleksandre guruli is also the manager of oleh luzhny.
the manager of a.c. milan is siniša mihajlović who plays for alessio romagnoli and plays for u.c. sampdoria and serie a.
alessio romagnoli played for italy national under-17 football team and u.c. sampdoria. alessio romagnoli is also the manager of a.c. milan.
giuseppe iachini has been the manager of u.s. città di palermo and plays for both abel hernández and uruguay national football team.
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc amkar perm and fc spartak moscow. aleksandr prudnikov is also the manager of gadzhi gadzhiyev.
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow and fc terek grozny. aleksandr prudnikov is also the manager of rashid rakhimov.
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc dynamo moscow and fc terek grozny. aleksandr prudnikov is also the manager of rashid rakhimov.
aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow and soviet union national football team. aleksandr chumakov is also the manager of valery petrakov.
akeem adams played for ferencvárosi tc and united petrotrin f.c.. akeem adams is also the manager of thomas doll.
akeem adams played for ferencvárosi tc and united petrotrin f.c.. akeem adams is also the manager of thomas doll.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
james craig watson, a canada national, graduated from university of michigan, died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson graduated from university of michigan and died in madison, wisconsin.
walter baade was born in german empire, graduated from university of göttingen, and died in göttingen.
walter baade was born in german empire and graduated from university of göttingen.
walter baade, who was born in german empire, graduated from university of göttingen, which is from germany.
james craig watson, a canada national, graduated from university of michigan, died in madison, wisconsin.
james craig watson, a canada national, graduated from university of michigan, died in madison, wisconsin.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
n. r. pogson, an england national, was born in nottingham and died in chennai.
1089 tama was formerly called a919 ha; 1927 wb;.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri, malaysia on may 21, 1936. abdul taib mahmud originates from asajaya and lives in kuching.
abdul taib mahmud, born in kingdom of sarawak, graduated from adenan satem, which lives in university of adelaide.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abraham a. ribicoff is an us national whose birth place is connecticut. abraham a. ribicoff died in entity-4.
us abraham a. ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york city.
abraham a. ribicoff is a us national who was born in connecticut. abraham a. ribicoff died in new york, where the native americans are an ethnic group.
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college, cambridge.
adam holloway was born in faversham, kent, england and graduated from magdalene college, cambridge.
adonis georgiadis was born in athens, born in greece.
agnes kant is netherlands led by mark rutte and socialist party (netherlands).
agnes kant, a netherlands national, led by house of representatives (netherlands), led by khadija arib and mark rutte.
agnes kant, a netherlands national, led by mark rutte, led by socialist party (netherlands) and emile roemer.
albert b. white was born on september 22, 1856 and died in parkersburg, west virginia.
albert b. white, who was born in cleveland, died in parkersburg, west virginia, having been born in william m. o. dawson.
albert b. white was born in cleveland.
albert b. white was born in cleveland.
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodríguez larreta.
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza, argentina and is the birthplace of may 20, 1891.
alfons gorbach was born in austria and died in graz. alfons gorbach died in styria which was born in tyrol (state).
alfons gorbach was born in imst and died in graz. alfons gorbach died in styria which was born in tyrol (state).
the largest city in vermont is burlington, vermont and vermont died in alvah sabin. vermont originates from the sycamore, illinois region of vermonts 3rd congressional district.
alvah sabin was born in georgia, vermont and originates from vermonts 3rd congressional district. alvah sabin is in the state of vermont which is the largest city in burlington, vermont. alvah sabin died in sycamore, illinois.
alfred moore scales was involved in battle of gettysburg where the country are an ethnic group and the native americans is the commander.
alfred moore scales was involved in siege of petersburg where the us are an ethnic group and the native americans is the commander.
argentina is the nationality of alberto teisaire, where the spanish language is spoken.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
abradab, who was born in katowice on november 12, 1978, was born in poland.
ace wilder, born july 23, 1982, was born in sweden and served as singing.
ace wilder, born july 23, 1982, was born in stockholm and served as songwriter.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
ace wilder was born in sweden.
al anderson (nrbq band) was born in windsor, connecticut.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alan frew, born in coatbridge, performs as musician.
aleksandra kovač was born in socialist republic of serbia.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alfred garth jones was born in england, which is an uk national and died in london.
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london. london is led by the european parliament and the leader of london is boris.
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london. london is led by the european parliament and the labour university.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
deram records is located in london.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
allen forrest was born in dothan, alabama, who was born in fort campbell.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
andra (singer), born in câmpia turzii, performs as singer, reality television judge.
andra (singer), born in romania, has singing.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
andrew rayel was born in chișinău, moldova.
andrew rayel was born in chișinău, moldova.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
allen forrest was born in fort campbell.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london, which is led by the parliament of the united kingdom and the uk labour party.
agustín barboza was born in asunción and died in paraguay whose leader is juan afara. mestizo are an ethnic group in paraguay and the language spoken spanish.
polydor records is located in london.
polydor records is located in london.
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
patient-2. patient-4 is patient-3. patient-4 is patient-4..
daniel martínez (politician) and uruguay are leaders in montevideo where the language spoken raúl fernando sendic rodríguez. spanish is located in montevideo and died in alfredo zitarrosa.
