abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
18l/36r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport.
The ICAO Location Identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
The runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.
14/32 is the runway name of alderney airport.
The runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
amsterdam airport schiphol 1st runway is Number 18.
amsterdam airport schiphol 5th runway Surface Type asphalt.
06/24 'Kaagbaan' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
The runway length of andrews county airport is 896.
The 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
antwerp international airport is 12.0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
The runway length of appleton international airport is 2,349.
The runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa.
11/29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority.
13/31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport.
dutch is spoken in belgium.
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil.
danes inhabit denmark.
fallujah is in iraq.
greenville, wisconsin is in the united states.
greenville, wisconsin is part of grand chute.
arabic is spoken in iraq.
madrid is in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan.
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey.
houston is the largest city in texas.
libya in 1986 was a battle involving the united states air force.
the boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
adams county has to its southeast carroll county, maryland.
The leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade.
azerbaijan is led by the prime minister of azerbaijan.
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
The architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is a postmodern style.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
The architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler.
The construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen number Of Rooms 814.
The architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is in japan.
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary.
The address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
The architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan.
asilomar conference grounds architecture the "arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows".
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city.
buffalo, new york is part of erie county new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
county limerick is part of munster.
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin.
malatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia.
indians inhabit india.
One of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald examiner building.
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
The ISBN number of 1634: the ram rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint.
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
the aids journal is in the united kingdom.
The OCLC number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
english is spoken in a long long way.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane.
The ISSN number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
above the veil was written by garth nix.
above the veil is available in print.
The ISSN number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of addiction (journal) is 93645978.
The academic discipline of addiction (journal) is addiction.
english is spoken in aenir.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in the united states.
english is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians.
The academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is mathematics.
english is spoken in the novel castle.
eric flint was born in burbank, california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys.
soho press is in the united states.
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
english is spoken in the united states.
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance.
The manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division.
The full name of a.f.c. blackpool is `` association football club blackpool '' .
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in the mechanics.
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens fc ground is in athens.
aek athens fc played in the 2014-2015 season.
the azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie for the season 2014-2015.
akron is in the united states.
akron is located in summit county, ohio.
The full name of akron summit assault is `` Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault '' .
The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci plays for chelsea fc.
christian panucci plays for inter milan.
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona.
gubbio is from the Umbria region .
The leader of italy is sergio mattarella.
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc.
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stoger plays for fc kolin.
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908.
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba.
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology.
kerala has to its northwest mahe.
mendrisio neighboring Municipality meride.
bucharest is the capital of romania.
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen.
There are 16000 students at the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university.
alan bean is the united states.
apollo 8 's backup pilot was buzz aldrin.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science.
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963.
california gemstone the gem benitoite.
elliot see died on february 28, 1966.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is deceased.
april o'neil was created by kevin eastman.
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc.
ben urich 's full name is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
bibbo bibbowski 's full name is bo bibbowski.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
the black pirate is also known as jon valor.
john buscema won the eisner award.
karl kesel is the american.
marv wolfman won Kirby Award.
peter laird is the united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
The area code for albany, georgia is 229.
albany, oregon is part of the united states.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by the mayor.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico's house of representatives.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico.
The total area of amarillo is square kilometres 233.9.
amarillo is part of randall county.
anderson, indiana is part of richland township.
angola, indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level .
The area code for antioch, california is 925.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county.
The population density of arlington is inhabitants per square kilometre 1472.0.
The leader of atlanta is Kasim Reed.
The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is square kilometres 44.125.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level .
auburn, alabama is part of lee county.
The total area of auburn, washington is square kilometres 77.41.
austin is part of texas.
spanish is spoken in california.
Dunwoody, Georgia is the largest city in dekalb county in georgia.
fulton county, georgia is in the united states.
anderson, indiana is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is in the united states.
Detroit is the largest city in michigan.
orange county, california is in the united states.
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in oregon.
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas.
The leader of the united states is barack obama.
the united states house of representatives is located in United States Capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt.
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold.
bandeja paisa is in colombian cuisine.
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the the paisa region region .
barny cakes serving Size 30.0 g.
the dish shumai is a variation of batagor.
The main ingredients of batagor are a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico.
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken class is bird.
The currency of india is the rupee.
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india.
indonesian is spoken in indonesia.
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
the malay are an ethnic group in malaysia.
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico.
spanish is spoken in new york.
the dish shumai is in china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay.
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra.
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument, which was established on 2000, belongs to the category of a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield. The city nearest to the monocacy national battlefield is frederick, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
akron is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany, oregon is part of oregon. salem is the capital of oregon.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives. albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states.
amarillo is part of texas. amarillo is in the united states.
anaheim, california is part of california. anaheim, california is led by the united states house of representatives.
anaheim, california is part of orange county, california. orange county, california is in the united states.
anderson, indiana is part of adams township, madison county, indiana. adams township, madison county, indiana is in the united states.
antioch, california is located at 13.0 above sea level . The total area of antioch, california is 75.324 square km.
arlington is located at 184.0 above sea level . The total area of arlington is 258.3 square kilometres.
arlington is part of texas. texas is in the united states.
atlanta is in the united states. atlanta is part of georgia.
atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county.
atlantic city, new jersey comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county. atlantic county is in the united states.
The population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is square kilometres 44.125.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington. pierce county, washington is in the united states.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. albany, oregon is part of the united states.
washington dc is the capital of the united states where amarillo is located .
albuquerque, new mexico is from the united states, which counts african americans among the united states ethnic groups .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. albany, georgia is part of the united states.
auburn, alabama is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups .
The language of the united states is english and akron is located in the united states.
The head of state of the united states is known as the president. the united states is home to albuquerque, new mexico.
amatriciana sauce is a dish from italy that contains tomato.
arem-arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce is in the country of italy, where italian is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient of arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
From the the valencian community region in spain comes the traditional dish called arros negre.
asam pedas is a food found in indonesia, and asam pedas is a dish of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
From the malaysia region in indonesia comes the traditional dish called ayam penyet.
a bacon sandwich, the club sandwich and the blt are variations of the same dish .
sausage and bacon are ingredients in bacon explosion.
a bacon sandwich goes by the names : a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. bacon are included in a bacon sandwich.
A better variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt.
baked alaska is a dish from france that contains sponge cake.
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
baked alaska is a dish from the united states that contains meringue.
You can use bakewell pudding inside a bakewell tart which also includes fruit preserves as one of the ingredients .
bakso is a dish from indonesia that contains vermicelli.
celery are from the the family apiaceae family and are an ingredient in bakso.
chicharron is an ingredient of bandeja paisa which comes from colombian cuisine.
barny cakes comes from france where claude bartolone is a leader .
batagor is a dish from indonesia that contains peanut sauce.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay ; or batagor.
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore that contains palm sugar.
beef kway teow comes from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are the main ingredients of beef kway teow which is a food found in singapore and indonesia.
The demonym for people living in india, where bhajji is located , is indians.
bhajji comes from india where t s thakur is a leader .
binignit is from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
banana are the main ingredients of binignit which is a food found in the philippines.
sweet potato is an ingredient in binignit.
bionico comes from mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
bionico is a food from guadalajara and granola is one of bionico ingredients .
bionico and cake are types of a dessert.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia where bakso is located .
When shiitake is added to batagor batagor is known as the dish shumai.
aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777.0 and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is 610 metres above sea level and is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport, with a runway length of 3500, is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh, awadh.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
al asad airbase is located in iraq where iraq speak arabic.
the united states air force was fighting in the invasion of grenada and also operates al asad airbase.
The 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae. poaceae class is monocotyledon.
The surface type of the 877.0 long runway at alderney airport is asphalt.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
The length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level .
asphalt is the surface of the first runway of amsterdam airport schiphol, which is located -3.3528 metres above sea level .
The runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is 2014.0.
The runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is 3300.0.
andrews county airport is in texas which largest city is houston.
The runway length of angola international airport is 3800.0 and angola international airport serves the city of luanda.
At ardmore airport (new zealand), one of the runways is 597.0 long and the third runway is made of poaceae.
The length of the first runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet , ashgabat international airport is 211 above sea level .
The operating organization for ashgabat international airport is called turkmenistan airlines who have turkmenistan airlines headquarters in turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, the united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and the runway name is 4/22.
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
brasilia is the location of the HQ of infraero, who govern afonso pena international airport.
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga.
a.c. chievo verona is in verona, italy and has 39371 members .
The manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran. rolando maran was born in italy.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a.d. isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
stuart parker manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for blackburn rovers fc.
stuart parker manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for irlam town football club.
afc fylde has 3180 members and afc fylde ground is lancashire.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is gubbio.
a.s. livorno calcio ground is in livorno, a.s. livorno calcio is in the serie b. league .
christian panucci manages a.s. livorno calcio and plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f.c..
The fullname of acf fiorentina, which has 47290 members , is acf fiorentina s.p.a.
aek athens fc is in greece and has 69618 members .
aek athens fc ground is in the olympic stadium (athens), aek athens fc is in the the superleague greece league .
afc ajax (amateurs) ground is sportpark de toekomst, where jong ajax is a tenant .
azal pfk ground is in the azal arena. azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault played in the the 2011 pdl season season and has 3000 members .
gubbio is from the Umbria region . a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti club is empoli f.c. and luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma.
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis, which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion available in an e book is written by virginia demarce.
aip adv. is the abbreviation for aip advances which has the EISSN number 2158.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and is available in print.
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is followed by weymouth sands written by john cowper powys.
The OCLC number of `` a long long way '' is 57392246, and a long long way is available in print & paperback.
a long long way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print.
a severed wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
The OCLC number of `` a severed wasp '' is 8805735, and a severed wasp is available in hardcover.
a severed wasp is written in english, which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp is published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer.
The ISBN number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0-439-92550-9. The literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
' alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' was followed by ` alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones ' which was authored by brandon sanderson.
mathematics is the academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics which has the abbreviated name of am. j. math..
the american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university.
washington dc is the capital of the united states where 1634: the ram rebellion is located .
washington dc is the capital of the united states where a fortress of grey ice is located .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states, which counts african americans among the united states ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars is from the united states, which counts african americans among the united states ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars is from the united states, which counts asian americans among the united states ethnic groups .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is nicknamed uab. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university. the visvesvaraya technological university is located in belgaum.
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore.
the all india council for technical education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the acharya institute of technology. the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai.
kochi is the leader of kerala. the awh engineering college is in kerala.
peter laird is the united states who created april o'neil.
the bbc broadcasted bananaman which starred jill shilling.
graeme garden starred in bananaman, broadcasted by stv.
tim brooke-taylor, who was born in derbyshire, starred in bananaman.
baymax first appeared in big hero 6, starring alan tudyk.
baymax first appeared in big hero 6, starring scott adsit.
steven t. seagle created baymax, a character in big hero 6.
the comic book writer roger mckenzie created ben urich aka benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman.
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski aka bo bibbowski.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932. alan bean is retired.
deceased  alan shepard is a test pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. glen ridge, new jersey is part of the essex county.
william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders is retired. william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a total floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 north lasalle is in chicago and has 60 floors .
The architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler. george winkler is in the united states.
3arena is located in east link bridge and was designed by hok sve.
3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous.
marriott international rents the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is in copenhagen.
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is in ethiopia, addis ababa.
adisham hall is in haputale, sri lanka, and adisham hall has the the tudor revival architectural style style of architecture .
adisham hall is in sri lanka, and adisham hall has the the tudor revival architectural style style of architecture .
the akita museum of art is from japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors . The address of the akita museum of art is 142 nakadori.
The address for amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, gujarat.
ampara hospital is in eastern province. austin fernando is the leader of eastern province.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, the united states.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, brooklyn.
adare manor can be found in munster in county limerick.
3arena can be found in the republic of ireland in dublin.
alan bean, born in wheeler, texas, in the united states, is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin is the united states national led by joe biden.
buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. elliot see was born in dallas and is a citizen of the united states.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. elliot see, who died in st. louis, was selected by the NASA in 1962.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. francis g. slay is the leader of st. louis. elliot see died in st. louis.
st. louis is part of the kingdom of france. elliot see died in st. louis on february 28, 1966.
the purple finch is a native bird to new hampshire. alan shepard was born in new hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634: the bavarian crisis has 448 pages and was written by virginia demarce and eric flint. 1634: the bavarian crisis can be found as print.
1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair. 1634: the ram rebellion is written in english, which is spoken in great britain.
alexander l. wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery. acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery and is located in new york city.
The academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv. the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv/aids, and the aids journal has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
The academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv. the aids journal belongs to the academic discipline , hiv/aids, and the aids journal has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
The editor of aip advances is a t charlie johnson who lives in the united states and went to stanford university.
a fortress of grey ice, by j.v. jones, has OCLC number 51969173 and ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer, by qiu xiaolong, has OCLC number 49805501 and ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
english is spoken in a loyal character dancer. a loyal character dancer was published by soho press, based in the united states.
a severed wasp was written in english (which is spoken in great britain) and originates from the united states.
a severed wasp has 388 pages can be found in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the ISSN number `` 1865-8784 '' and the LCCN number of 32024459. abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is abbreviated to abh. math. semin. univ. hambg.
above the veil is in australians. aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil.
english is spoken in above the veil. aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil.
above the veil has 248 pages and was written by garth nix. above the veil can be found as hardcover.
acta palaeontologica polonica has the ISSN number `` 0567-7920 '' and the LCCN number of 60040714. acta palaeontologica polonica is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol..
addiction is the abbreviated version of `` addiction (journal) '' which has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
addiction (journal) was published by wiley-blackwell (parent company john wiley & sons) and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
cornell university, new york, affiliated with the association of american universities, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix. aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written in english (which is spoken in great britain) and originates from the united states.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in hardcover, has 320 pages and the OCLC number 78771100.
english is the both spoken in great britain and the language of the united states where `` alcatraz versus the evil librarians `` is also published .
john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog. john cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire, john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance.
The ISSN number of administrative science quarterly is 0001-8392. Founded by sara miller mccune, sage publications published ' administrative science quarterly ' .
washington dc is the capital of the united states which has native americans ethnic group . a severed wasp is a food from there .
african americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where a wizard of mars (written in english) is from .
In the united states one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the capital is washington dc. a wizard of mars is from the united states.
An ethnic group in the united states which is led by barack obama are asian americans. a wizard of mars is a food found in the united states.
1634: the ram rebellion is located in the united states, the leader of which is the president and the united states has african americans as an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is located in the united states, the leader of which is the president and the united states has native americans as an ethnic group .
jens härtel has been manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche.
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for the club asd licita 1931 and a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
associazione calcio lumezzane spa is abbreviated to a.c. lumezzane, a.c. lumezzane have 4150 members and play in the the lega pro/a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez has been manager of a.d. isidro metapan and plays for alianza f.c. and the el salvador national football team.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis chairman is antonis milionis. a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is the town of efxeinoupoli.
blackpool is the home to a.f.c. blackpool which has 1500 members and the full name of `` association football club blackpool '' .
stuart parker has been manager of a.f.c. blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc and runcorn f.c. halton.
dave challinor has been manager of afc fylde and plays for stockport county fc and colwyn bay fc.
livorno, italy is the home to a.s. livorno calcio which has 19238 members and the full name of `` livorno calcio s.p.a. '' .
The manager of a.s. livorno calcio is christian panucci. a.s. livorno calcio play in serie b., the champions of which are carpi fc 1909.
christian panucci has been manager of a.s. livorno calcio and plays for chelsea fc and the real madrid cf club.
aek athens fc is in the the superleague greece league (with olympiacos fc as champions) and has a ground in greece.
gus poyet has been manager of aek athens fc and plays for real zaragoza and chelsea fc.
The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan. amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam where afc ajax (amateurs) is based .
The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan. amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam where afc ajax (amateurs) is based .
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and i̇stanbulspor a.ş.
campeonato brasileiro série c is in brazil. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c and agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio and empoli f.c.. luciano spalletti has also managed a.s. roma.
massimo drago is currently at s.s. chieti calcio and manages a.c. cesena, massimo drago also plays the club asd licita 1931.
massimo drago is currently at us castrovillari calcio and manages a.c. cesena, massimo drago also plays a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
massimo drago plays for us castrovillari calcio and s.s. chieti calcio. massimo drago has also managed a.c. cesena.
103 colmore row located on colmore row, was designed by john madin born in birmingham.
200 public square is in cleveland, cuyahoga county, whose leader is frank g jackson.
250 delaware avenue is a location in the united states, 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is in chicago where rahm emanuel is dupage county, illinois.
george winkler is in the united states. 320 south boston building was designed by george winkler and has 22 floors .
3arena at north wall quay was designed by hok sve and completed in december 2008.
The tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark, which has 23 floors , is marriott international.
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen. the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin, bloomsbury native , is the architect behind the palace of westminster in bloomsbury and the grounds of adare manor.
philip charles hardwick are the architects of adare manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by jp mcmanus.
adisham hall, with adisham hall tudor and jacobean, was built in 1931 in haputale.
adisham hall, with adisham hall tudor and jacobean, was built in 1931 in sri lanka.
sri lanka is lead by ranil wickremesinghe and is the location of adisham hall in haputale.
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka. adisham hall is in sri lanka, where the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
The construction of alan b miller hall began in 30th march 2007. the mason school of business is located in the united states, and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall.
julia morgan, born in san francisco, designed significant the riverside art museum and asilomar conference grounds.
julia morgan, california native , is the architect behind chinatown, san francisco in california and the grounds of asilomar conference grounds.
asilomar conference grounds located on asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california was added to the National Register of Historic Places on february the 27nd 1987 and has the reference number 87000823.
asser levy public baths on avenue a, manhattan was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
asser levy public baths on new york city was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
the conservative party (uk) is the leader of birmingham, birmingham is the hometown of john madin, who was the architect of 103 colmore row.
the liberal democrats is the leader of birmingham. john madin was born in birmingham and was the architect of 103 colmore row.
hailemariam desalegn is an ethiopia leader . addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa in ethiopia.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat. amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat.
marriott international is located in bethesda, maryland. marriott international, with bill marriott as a key leader , is the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen.
albany, georgia is part of dougherty county, georgia. albany, georgia is from the united states, which counts asian americans among the united states ethnic groups .
The population density of albuquerque, new mexico is 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre. albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico. The total area of albuquerque, new mexico is 490.9 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia. alpharetta, georgia is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta, georgia is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc
anaheim, california has a UTC offset of -7. The area code for anaheim, california is 657 and 714. The total area of anaheim, california is 131.6 square kilometres.
anaheim, california is part of california. anaheim, california is led by the california state senate. the california state senate is located in the california state capitol.
anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana. lafayette township, madison county, indiana is in the united states. anderson, indiana is part of indiana.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana. angola, indiana is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
antioch, california is part of contra costa county. contra costa county is part of the san francisco bay area, in california. antioch, california is led by the united states house of representatives.
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas. fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas. tarrant county in texas is in the united states.
atlanta is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc
The population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for atlanta is 404. The total area of atlanta is 347.1 sqkm.
atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states. newark is the largest city in new jersey. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county. atlantic county is in the united states. new york city is the largest city in the united states.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. alabama is in the united states. auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
auburn, washington is part of washington state. washington dc is the capital of the united states where washington state is located .
auburn, washington is part of washington state. olympia is the capital of washington state. washington state is in the united states.
atlanta is the capital of georgia. albany, georgia is part of georgia. albany, georgia is part of dougherty county, georgia.
madison county, indiana is in the united states. alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana. anderson, indiana is the largest city in madison county, indiana.
trenton is the capital of new jersey. new jersey is in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
english is spoken in texas. arlington is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana. washington dc is the capital of the united states where attica, indiana is located .
attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana. washington dc is the capital of the united states where fountain county, indiana is located .
akron is located in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc. The language spoken in the united states is english.
akron is part of summit county, ohio. akron is from the united states, which counts asian americans among the united states ethnic groups .
albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon. albany, oregon is from the united states, which counts asian americans among the united states ethnic groups .
The leader of the united states is barack obama. albuquerque, new mexico is from the united states, which counts asian americans among the united states ethnic groups .
albany, georgia comes from the united states where english is the language spoken . the united states is also where african americans are a group .
angola, indiana comes from the united states where english is the language spoken . the united states is also where asian americans are a group .
aarhus airport has a runway length of 2776.0 metres and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s. The name of the runway is 10r/28l.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and the residents of saranac lake and has a runway that 's 2003.0 long .
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, spain, the community of madrid.
agra airport, located in uttar pradesh, is operated by the indian air force, and has an ICAO identifier is viag.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq, the airbase has a runway length of 3992.88.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force, which uses the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle (an aircraft fighter) and was part of libya in 1986.
the united states air force operate al asad airbase, and previously were involved in the invasion of grenada. the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
The 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 877.0.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport.
allama iqbal international airport (in punjab, pakistan) , has a runway named 18l/36r and a runway that is 2900.0 long .
At an elevation of 210 above seal level , alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, in the united states.
andrews county airport, located in texas has a runway length of 1773 metres and has an elevation of 973 meters .
andrews county airport, located in texas has a runway length of 896 and has an elevation of 973 meters .
andrews county airport is located in texas whose capital is austin. english is one language spoken there .
andrews county airport is located in texas (whose indigenes are called tejano) , the united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in german speaking belgium.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, the united states, atlantic county.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in the four world trade center.
The runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048.0 and atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township, the united states.
Located in pakistan (where anwar zaheer jamali the leader) , the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in madrid which is part of the community of madrid. The leader party at madrid is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in spain at madrid where the leader party is ahora madrid (spain) .
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in spain at san sebastian de los reyes where the leader party is the peoples party (spain) (spain) .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the united states. carroll county, maryland is southeast of adams county, where the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg. carroll county, maryland is southeast of adams county, where the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located .
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan.
The leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade. the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan, where the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is found .
ahmet davutoglu is a leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region , italy, and guanciale is one of amatriciana sauce ingredients .
javanese cuisine is arem-arem. The main ingredients of which are ; compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
arrabbiata sauce has tomato as one of arrabbiata sauce ingredients , which is part of the solanaceae family and in the division of flowering plants.
arrabbiata sauce is from the rome region , italy, and olive oil is one of arrabbiata sauce ingredients .
arrabbiata sauce is a food found rome, and arrabbiata sauce uses tomato as an ingredient .
A dish popular in malaysia is asam pedas from the the malay peninsula region , which is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and a leader is arifin zakaria.
Found in indonesia, ayam penyet comes from the region of malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is the malaysian chinese.
lettuce is an ingredient in a the blt which is also known as the club sandwich or a bacon sandwich.
bacon explosion is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion is a food found in the united states, which leader is john roberts and bacon explosion capital is washington dc.
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and a bacon sandwich.
baked alaska is a traditional france sauce from new york containing sponge cake.
baked alaska is located in the country of france, the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro.
baked alaska is a traditional the united states sauce from new york containing christmas pudding.
A nice confectionery a dessert is cookies, and also baked alaska which contains sponge cake.
bakewell pudding is from the the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is classed as a dessert and bakewell pudding contains ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding is from the the derbyshire dales region . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding and some of the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakso is a dish from indonesia that contains the ingredient beef.
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa found in colombian cuisine, the paisa region.
bandeja paisa is from the the paisa region region , colombian cuisine, and hogao is one of bandeja paisa ingredients .
barny cakes are found in france where both claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
The main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in the philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
The main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in the philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
tony tan is the leader of singapore, singapore which serves beef kway teow. While beef kway teow is nationwide in singapore, beef kway teow is more specific to tony tan.
beef kway teow is from the singapore region , indonesia, and sesame oil is one of beef kway teow ingredients .
beef kway teow is a food found singapore, and beef kway teow uses oyster sauce as an ingredient .
bhajji originates from the country of india where the currency is the rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
banana is an ingredient in binignit, binignit is served as the a dessert course , same as cookies.
sago is an ingredient in binignit, binignit is served as the a dessert course , same as cookies.
taro is an ingredient in binignit, binignit is served as the a dessert course , same as cookies.
sweet potato, which are part of the order of solanales, are one of the main ingredients of binignit. A further ingredient is banana.
bionico originates in mexico. bionico contains granola and is served as a dessert.
bionico is a traditional mexico sauce from guadalajara containing raisins.
bionico is located in the country of mexico, the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the peso.
amatriciana sauce is a dish which originates from italy, the Capital of italy is rome and italy leader is pietro grasso.
batchoy comes from the philippines where arabic is the language spoken . the philippines is also where the igorot people are a group .
tony tan is the leader of english speaking singapore where beef kway teow is located .
solanaceae are found in amatriciana sauce and is one of the members of solanales.
the awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250. the awh engineering college is located in kerala, india.
The number of post graduate students at the acharya institute of technology is about 700. the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
kochi is the leader of kerala. the awh engineering college is in kerala. kerala has to its northwest mahe.
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the anthem is deșteaptă-te, române! !
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania whose leader is klaus iohannis. the 1 decembrie 1918 university comes from romania.
The headquarters of the european university association is in brussels. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university, which was established in 1928, is affiliated with the european university association.
aarhus, denmark is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which was established in 1928.
rené goscinny, french along with albert uderzo were the creators of the comic character asterix.
bananaman starred tim brooke-taylor and was broadcast for the last time by the bbc on april 15th, 1986.
big hero 6, distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, starred scott adsit and was baymax first film appearance .
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6 that stars scott adsit and in which baymax is a character .
The distributor of big hero 6, which stars ryan potter, is walt disney studios motion pictures. baymax appears in big hero 6.
gardner fox and carmine infantino created the comic character blockbuster who has the alternative name of mark desmond.
the comic character bolt is also known as larry bolatinsky and was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn.
ernie colon and gary cohn created the comic character bolt who has the alternative name of larry bolatinsky.
103 colmore row (located in birmingham) has 23 floors , work started on 103 colmore row in 1973 and finished in 1976.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, cape town and asian south africans are called `` the coloured '' people .
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, a city in the united states that is governed by cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue in buffalo, new york cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, the united states where the leader is rahm emanuel.
300 north lasalle, illinois is 120770.0 square metres, completed in 2009, and has 60 floors .
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment. 3arena are in the republic of ireland, dublin (part of leinster) .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is in copenhagen and has marriott international as the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen tenant . the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen was designed by 3xn and has 23 floors .
county limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council. adare manor can be found in adare, county limerick, munster.
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the brazilians are the main ethnic group . the akita museum of art is situated in akita which is part of akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art is located in japan where the filipinos are the main ethnic group . the akita museum of art is situated in akita which is part of akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita in japan, where the ethnic group is vietnamese people.
the brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture, akita.
the college of william and mary own alan b miller hall which was completed on 1 june 2009 at 101 ukrop way, williamsburg, virginia.
amdavad ni gufa can be found in gujarat, india, a country lead by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove, california and was built in 1913. asilomar conference grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on february the 27nd 1987 with 87000823.
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a, manhattan and was built in 1904. asser levy public baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 with 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, parts of which are brooklyn and manhattan (where cyrus vance jr is the leader) .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, the united states. gale brewer is the leader of manhattan.
birmingham has the b postcode and one of the city leaders is andrew mitchell. The architect who designed 103 colmore row, john madin, was born in birmingham.
birmingham has the b postcode and one of the city leaders is the labour party (uk). The architect who designed 103 colmore row, john madin, was born in birmingham.
Lead by anandiben patel, amdavad ni gufa can be found in gujarat, india, where india is lead by sumitra mahajan.
Two of india leaders are t s thakur and narendra modi. amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat in india.
the brazilians are One of the ethnic groups in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture, in akita.
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom, the capital of which is london which is lead via the parliament of the united kingdom although the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii.
english is the language of the united states, where the leader is the president joe biden. 250 delaware avenue is an address located in the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the united states. the 11th mississippi infantry monument in pennsylvania was completed in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
baku is the capital of the prime minister of azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade. azerbaijan is the location of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is found in azerbaijan (capital : baku) , and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county, maryland. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument (established 11 july 1907) is located in the monocacy national battlefield, with frederick, maryland as the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument nearest city .
ankara is the capital of turkey. The bronze the ataturk monument is in turkey, where the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
turkey is led by the president of turkey. pietro canonica designed the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey.
albany, georgia is part of georgia. albany, georgia comes from the united states where english is the language spoken . the united states is also where native americans are a group .
The area code for albuquerque, new mexico is 505 and 575. The land area , of albuquerque, new mexico, is 486.2 square kilometers. The total area of albuquerque, new mexico is 490.9 square kilometres. The population density of albuquerque, new mexico is 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
alpharetta, georgia is in the united states. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia. atlanta is the county seat of fulton county, georgia.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. potter county, texas is a food found in the united states where washington dc is the capital and african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. potter county, texas is in texas. amarillo is in the united states. austin is the capital of texas.
anaheim, california is led by the california state assembly. anaheim, california is part of california. the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol. spanish is spoken in california.
The population density of anderson, indiana is 523.9 people per square kilometer. The total area of anderson, indiana is 107.43 square kilometres. anderson, indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level . anderson, indiana is part of adams fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana. angola, indiana is in the united states. angola, indiana is part of indiana. The total area of angola, indiana is 16.55 square kilometres.
antioch, california has a UTC offset of -7. The total population of antioch, california is 102372. The area code for antioch, california is 925. The total area of antioch, california is 75.324 square km.
The population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for atlantic city, new jersey is 609. atlantic city, new jersey is led by "mayor". The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is square kilometres 44.125.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. auburn, alabama is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . lee county is in alabama.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. lee county is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . lee county is in alabama.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington. washington dc is the capital of the united states where pierce county, washington is located . auburn, washington is part of king county, washington.
auburn, washington is part of washington state. washington dc is the capital of the united states where auburn, washington is located . auburn, washington is part of king county, washington.
austin is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas. san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin is part of hays county, texas.
chinese is spoken in california. anaheim, california is led by the california state assembly. anaheim, california is part of california. the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol.
georgia is in the united states. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia. atlanta is the county seat of fulton county, georgia.
indianapolis is the capital of indiana. anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana. lafayette township, madison county, indiana is in the united states. anderson, indiana is part of indiana.
arlington is part of texas. texas is written in english and published in the united states. houston is the largest city in texas.
albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon. washington dc is the capital of the united states which has african americans ethnic group . albany, oregon is a food from there .
new york city is the largest city in the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states where new jersey is located . atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
The leader of the united states is barack obama. african americans are an ethnic group within the united states which has the president as the united states leader . the united states is the location for albuquerque, new mexico.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico. albuquerque, new mexico is from the united states, which counts asian americans among the united states ethnic groups . The leader of new mexico is john sanchez.
albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon. In the united states one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the capital is washington dc. albany, oregon is from the united states.
The leader of the united states is barack obama. albuquerque, new mexico is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups . albuquerque, new mexico is led by the mayor of albuquerque.
albany, georgia is part of the united states. albany, georgia comes from the united states where english is the language spoken . the united states is also where native americans are a group .
angola, indiana is part of indiana. angola, indiana comes from the united states where english is the language spoken . the united states is also where asian americans are a group .
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana. angola, indiana comes from the united states where english is the language spoken . the united states is also where asian americans are a group .
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg, has played for sv babelsberg 03 and the club 1. fc union berlin as well as representing the club fsv zwickau.
rolando maran (born in italy) is manager of a.c. chievo verona and has played for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio.
michele marcolini (born in italy) is manager of a.c. lumezzane and has played for torino f.c. and a.c. chievo verona.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis chairman is antonis milionis. 1500 member a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis plays in the town of efxeinoupoli in the a epsth 2nd group
stuart parker is a footballer who has managed , and now plays for , stockport county fc. stockport county fc ground is in blackpool which is lead by the conservative party (uk).
stuart parker is a footballer who has managed , and now plays for , stockport county fc. stockport county fc ground is in blackpool which is lead by gordon marsden.
warton, fylde, lancashire is the home ground of afc fylde who played in season 2014. afc fylde have 3180 members and the full name of afc fylde is association football club fylde.
afc fylde played in season 2014 season and has 3180 members . afc fylde full name is `` association football club fylde '' and afc fylde homeground is bryning lane.
paulo sousa has been the manager of acf fiorentina, has played for juventus f.c. and maccabi tel aviv f.c. as well as representing inter milan.
aek athens fc which has 69618 members plays at aek athens fc home ground at greece. aek athens fc are in the superleague greece and played in the season 2014 season .
afc ajax (amateurs) ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax. The grounds are owned by afc ajax n.v. and has a tenant of jong ajax.
The nickname of afc ajax (amateurs) (which is the full name) is joden, godenzonen. afc ajax (amateurs) played in season 2014 and has 5000 members .
john van den brom has been the manager of az alkmaar, has played for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax as well as representing the netherlands national football team.
Previous campeonato brasileiro série c champions agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play agremiação sportiva arapiraquense home games at estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca, alagoas.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas is the ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league which is based in brazil. estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca is the ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense.
akron summit assault ground is in st. vincent-st. mary high school. st. vincent-st. mary high school is in akron, summit county, ohio, the united states.
The leader of italy is pietro grasso. The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy. The capital of italy is rome and italy leader is sergio mattarella.
The manager of fc kolin is peter stoger. peter stoger also plays for sk vorwärts steyr and fc admira wacker modling, and peter stoger club is fk austria wien.
abilene regional airport which serves the city of abilene is 546 metres above sea level . abilene regional airport runway is 2194.0 long and is named 17l/35r.
adirondack regional airport serves both the city of lake placid and city of saranac lake. adirondack regional airport has a runway length of 2003.0 and is 507 metres above sea level .
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport can be found in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. The runway named 18l/36r is 3500 long . adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is operated by enaire.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force. agr is the ATA Location ID and ICAO is another location identifier for agra airport.
al asad airbase, operated by the united states air force and in iraq, has runway 3990.0 meters long 08/26 runway .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has a runway length of 3990.0. al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has the runway name of 09r/27l.
the united states air force operate al asad airbase and were involved in the invasion of grenada, and deploy the the lockheed ac-130 attack aircraft as well as the the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan has a runway of 2900.0 long is governed by the pakistan civil aviation authority and serves the city of lahore.
amsterdam airport schiphol of amsterdam has a runway named 09/27 buitenveldertbaan with a 2014.0 length and amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol of amsterdam has a runway named 18l/36r aalsmeerbaan with a 2014.0 length and amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level .
andrews county airport is found in texas and serves andrews, texas. andrews county airport runway length is 929.0 and andrews county airport is 973 meters above andrews, texas.
andrews county airport is located in texas, the united states, where the people are known as tejano and the capital city is austin.
texas is located in the united states and has the capital city of austin. english is spoken and the state is the location of andrews county airport.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda. angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo, angola, luanda province.
antwerp international airport, operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region, has a runway length of 600.0 and is 12.0 above sea level .
The operating organization for ashgabat international airport is called turkmenistan airlines and is in turkmenistan. The hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport which is in ashgabat.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata. athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, the leader of which is don guardian. atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, the united states.
stephen dilts is the leader of the south jersey transportation authority. The owner of atlantic city international airport is the south jersey transportation authority which is located in egg harbor township, the united states.
charles michel is the leader of belgium where german is spoken . antwerp in belgium is served by antwerp international airport.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium where french is spoken . antwerp in belgium is served by antwerp international airport.
harrietstown is in the united states. saranac lake is part of harrietstown, in essex county, new york. adirondack regional airport serves saranac lake.
the kurdish languages is spoken in iraq which is lead by fuad masum. fallujah, in iraq is served by al-taqaddum air base.
haider al-abadi is the leader of iraq where the kurdish languages is spoken . fallujah in iraq is served by al-taqaddum air base.
lahore is a city in pakistan. lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport, located in punjab, pakistan and the leader of punjab, pakistan is malik muhammad rafique rajwana.
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants and is in the class monocotyledon. alderney airport is made from poaceae.
the bbc, which is located in broadcasting house, and where rona fairhead is a key person , once broadcast bananaman and has a product called bbc radio.
jill shilling stars in bananaman which was created by steve bright. bananaman was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983.
ryan potter in big hero 6 in which baymax, created by the american duncan rouleau, is also a character .
the comic character bolt is a comic character created by gary cohn and puerto rican, ernie colon. ernie colon alternative name is larry bolatinsky.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis. grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes preceded 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the ram rebellion, available in an e book and containing 512 pages , was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al. The ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
In the united kingdom, elizabeth ii is the Leader and the aids journal was published here by lippincott williams & wilkins (parent company wolters kluwer) .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover and was written by j.v. jones. a fortress of grey ice has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer, written by qiu xiaolong, has the OCLC number 49805501, the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3 and is available in hardcover.
a loyal character dancer from the united states is written in english. english is the language spoken in great britain. An ethnic group in the united states is native americans.
soho press (located in the united states) published a loyal character dancer. asian americans are an ethnic group of english speaking the united states.
a wizard of mars, available in hardcover and containing 560 pages , was written by diane duane. The ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
83646315 is the LCCN number for acta mathematica hungarica and the ISSN number is 0236-5294. acta mathematica hungarica bbreviation is `` acta math. hungar '' and acta mathematica hungarica discipline is mathematics.
60040714 is the LCCN number for acta palaeontologica polonica and the ISSN number is 0567-7920. acta palaeontologica polonica bbreviation is `` acta palaeontol. pol. '' and acta palaeontologica polonica discipline is paleobiology.
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the ISSN number 1732-2421. acta palaeontologica polonica has the abbreviation of `` acta palaeontol. pol. '' and the LCCN number 60040714.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities. cornell university, new york, affiliated with the association of american universities, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
aenir has 233 pages and was written by garth nix. paperback have the ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians from the united states is written in english. english is the language spoken in great britain. An ethnic group in the united states is african americans.
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878. johns hopkins university press are the publishers of the american journal of mathematics, the american journal of mathematics are based in the united states and the american journal of mathematics parent company is johns hopkins university.
In great britain  english is the language spoken . The same is true for the united states where there are many asian americans. the united states is also where alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where a wizard of mars is from . a wizard of mars was published in english, the language that is spoken in great britain.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states, where barack obama is the leader , and is written in english. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
barack obama was the president of the united states. english is the main language there , but was originated in great britain. a wizard of mars is a book from the united states.
The President of the united states is barack obama who is asian americans, which makes up one of the many ethnic groups in the united states. The national language spoken in the united states is english. a severed wasp originated in the united states
alan bean spent 100305 minutes in space . alan bean joined NASA in 1963, is the united states and was born in wheeler, texas.
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14 which is operated by nasa. alan shepard  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
chris patten is a representative of british hong kong which coincidentally is the birthplace of william anders. Among the crew of apollo 8 were william anders and frank borman.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin, born in glen ridge, new jersey, was on the crew of apollo 11 but has since retired.
buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin (born in glen ridge, new jersey) was a part of apollo 11 and served as a fighter pilot.
buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11 which is operated by nasa. buzz aldrin was awarded 20.
alan shepard died in california. alan shepard, born in new hampshire, was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy (a higher award than the department of commerce gold medal) .
dianne feinstein is one of the senators of california, where alan shepard died . alan shepard  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. elliot see died in st. louis, was born in dallas and elliot see nationality is the united states.
william anders was a fighter pilot. william anders was hired by nasa in 1963 for the apollo 8 mission .
the ganges is a river in india. the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor, india.
the visvesvaraya technological university is located in belgaum. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university and the acharya institute of technology is located in india at in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india. the acharya institute of technology is associated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the all india council for technical education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the acharya institute of technology. tennis, as governed by the international tennis federation, is a sport offered at the acharya institute of technology. the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai.
bucharest is the capital of romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba iulia, alba county, romania.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located . The type of government in aarhus is that of a magistrate. The city of aarhus is where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located .
kochi is the leader of kerala. There is an academic staff of 250 at the awh engineering college which is located in kuttikkattoor in the state of kerala.
The anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!. In romania one of the ethnic groups is the germans of romania and the capital is bucharest. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is from romania.
klaus iohannis is the leader of romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia, romania (bucharest) .
amatriciana sauce, a dish from lazio and italy. contains : tomato, tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella.
arros negre, thought to have originated in spain, include white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers. arros negre is popular in catalonia.
arros negre, thought to have originated in spain, include white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers. arros negre is popular in catalonia.
arros negre is a dish found in spain where spaniards are an ethnic group . However , arros negre originates from catalonia where the parliament of catalonia is a leader .
asam pedas is a food from malaysia and sumatra. malaysia is the ethnic home of the malay, and batak are and ethnic group from sumatra.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra. the minangkabau people and malays are ethnic groups of sumatra.
In the united states you can find bacon explosion, barack obama, asian americans, and washington dc
In the united states you can find bacon explosion, john roberts, asian americans, and washington dc
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich, which comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt and the club sandwich.
a bacon sandwich are popular in the united kingdom and the main ingredients in a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. Other names for a bacon sandwich include a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Two types of a dessert are cookies and baked alaska. baked alaska is a dish from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients in baked alaska which is a food from paris, new york and hong kong in the united states.
baked alaska is from hong kong and the ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
baked alaska is from hong kong and the ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
bakewell pudding is from the the derbyshire dales region , which is part of derbyshire. bakewell tart is bakewell pudding variant , but has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
The tapioca dish bakso hails from indonesia and in the indonesian region and also in the neighbouring southeast asian countries. bakso is ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
bakso is a food dish from indonesia. bakso is made of ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
bandeja paisa contains both kidney beans and red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon, and can be found in the the paisa region region of colombian cuisine.
red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon are the main ingredients in bandeja paisa which is a food from the paisa region in colombian cuisine.
barny cakes are found in france where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande.
batagor is a food originates from indonesia. batagor variations are siomay and the dish shumai, which contains shiitake among siomay ingredients .
batchoy is found in the philippines. batchoy main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
the philippines is the country of batchoy, batchoy is soup which includes chicken and noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
beef kway teow, thought to have originated in singapore, include kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. beef kway teow is popular in nationwide in singapore and indonesia.
singapore has halimah yacob as a leader , standard chinese as a language and beef kway teow, (from singapore and indonesia) , as a traditional dish .
beef kway teow is from singapore and the ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
bhajji come from india and are found in the region of karnataka. bhajji have the alternative names of bhaji or bajji and contain vegetables.
bhajji, otherwise known as bhaji or bajji, comes from the karnataka region . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
sweet potato, which are flowering plants and belong to the order of solanales, are an ingredient of binignit, together with sago.
binignit is from visayas and the ingredients are coconut milk.
bionico is from the jalisco region of mexico. bionico is a dessert that includes granola.
bionico, thought to have originated in mexico, include chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. bionico is popular in guadalajara.
bionico is a dish served as a dessert and is found in mexico, where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . A variation on a dessert is cookies.
jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia, where the tapioca dish bakso can be found .
baduy are an ethnic group of java. singapore leader is tony tan. ayam penyet is a dish from java, singapore.
ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines. One of the languages there is philippine spanish. batchoy is a dish that comes from the philippines.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the language spoken is arabic. One of the ethnic groups are zamboangans and the igorot people are also present in the philippines.
a dessert include cookies and binignit which comes from the philippines where philippine english is the national language .
a dessert include sandesh and binignit which comes from the philippines where philippine english is the national language .
grantville gazette ii was preceded by the grantville gazette. Written in english ring of fire ii is the sequel to 1634: the bavarian crisis (by virginia demarce and eric flint) which was preceded by grantville gazette ii.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities. cornell university, affiliated with the association of american universities, publishes administrative science quarterly. cornell university president is elizabeth garrett and cornell university is located in ithaca, new york.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where many people are african americans and english (english of great britain) is largely spoken .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where many people are native americans and english (english of great britain) is largely spoken .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where asian americans is an ethnic group and like in great britain, english is spoken .
a severed wasp was written in the united states where like in great britain, english is spoken . washington dc is washington dc of the united states and native americans are an ethnic group .
into battle is in australians. the violet keystone followed into battle which itself followed above the veil. aenir was the sequel to into battle, and into battle was preceded by the novel castle.
a severed wasp originates from the united states, where barack obama is a leader . a severed wasp is written in english, also spoken in great britain. the united states includes many asian americans.
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . Like in great britain, english is also spoken in the united states.
the united states is led by barack obama, has asian americans and the capital is washington dc. 1634: the galileo affair preceded the united states written 1634: the ram rebellion.
1634: the ram rebellion comes from the united states, where barack obama is the President , and the united states capital city is washington dc. the american inhabit the united states, with a sub-group being african americans.
a wizard of mars comes from the united states. The country 's population includes the ethnic group of asian americans and is lead by the president. english spoken in both the united states and great britain is english.
albany, georgia is part of georgia. the president is the leader of the united states. An ethic group there are asian americans. albany, georgia is from the united states. the american inhabit the united states.
atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. texas is located in the united states, washington dc and the language is english. potter county, texas is in texas.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. english is spoken in texas. potter county, texas is in texas. amarillo is in the united states. austin is the capital of texas.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. potter county, texas is located in texas, the united states. english is spoken in texas. austin is the capital of texas.
anderson, indiana is part of fall creek township, madison county, indiana. fall creek township, madison county, indiana is in the united states. anderson, indiana is part of anderson township, madison county, indiana. The population density of anderson, indiana is 523.9 people per square kilometer. The total area of anderson, indiana is 107.43 square kilometres.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county. antioch, california is part of california. english is spoken in california. contra costa county is part of the san francisco bay area, in california. antioch, california is led by california's 11th state assembly district.
The land area , of atlanta, is 344.9 square kilometres. The population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for atlanta is 404. atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia. The total area of atlanta is 347.1 sqkm.
attica, indiana is part of the united states. The total area of attica, indiana is 4.14 square kilometres. attica, indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level . attica, indiana is part of logan township, fountain county, indiana. The population density of attica, indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. alabama is from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc lee county is in alabama.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington. auburn, washington is in the united states. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington. The population density of auburn, washington is 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of auburn, washington is square kilometres 77.41.
austin is part of texas. english is spoken in texas. austin is part of williamson county, texas. round rock is the largest city in williamson county, texas. georgetown is the county seat of williamson county, texas.
austin is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas. san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin is part of hays county, texas. english is spoken in texas.
austin is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas. spanish is spoken in texas. san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin is part of hays county, texas.
indianapolis is the capital of indiana. indiana is from the united states and written in american english. alexandria, indiana is part of indiana. alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana.
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas. spanish is spoken in texas. arlington is part of tarrant county in texas. arlington is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas. austin is the capital of texas. arlington is part of tarrant county in texas. arlington is part of texas. texas is in the united states.
new york city is the largest city in the united states. The capitol of the united states is washington dc. One of the ethnic groups are white americans and the united states is also home to new jersey. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
the american inhabit the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states which has native americans ethnic group . albany, oregon is a food from there . albany, oregon is part of linn county, oregon.
the american inhabit the united states. In the united states one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the capital is washington dc. albany, oregon is from the united states. albany, oregon is part of oregon.
angola, indiana is part of steuben county. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states, where english is a language spoken . the united states is also the country angola, indiana comes from . the american inhabit the united states.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and lee county was written . lee county is in alabama.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. lee county is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups . opelika is the county seat of lee county. auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
newark is the largest city in new jersey. new jersey is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups . trenton is the capital of new jersey. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
english is spoken in the united states. The head of state of the united states is known as the president. the united states is home to albuquerque, new mexico. albuquerque, new mexico is part of new mexico. The leader of the united states is barack obama.
angola, indiana is part of steuben county. angola, indiana comes from the united states where english is the language spoken . the united states is also where asian americans are a group . the american inhabit the united states.
The leader of the united states is barack obama. The capitol of the united states is washington dc. One of the ethnic groups are native americans and the united states is also home to akron. akron is part of summit county, ohio.
the american inhabit the united states. albany, georgia is located in the united states, the leader of which is the president and the united states has african americans as an ethnic group . albany, georgia is part of the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000, and is considered a contributing property. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, in seminary ridge, the united states.
frederick county, maryland is to the southwest of adams county. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property located in adams county, which has cumberland county to adams county north and carroll county, maryland to adams county southeast .
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial, which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in azerbaijan, where the official leader ( the prime minister of azerbaijan ) is called artur rasizade.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is in azerbaijan. baku is the capital city and azerbaijan leader is artur rasizade. the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan.
ankara is the capital of turkey. the ataturk monument is located in turkey, a country with istanbul as turkey largest city , and ahmet davutoglu as turkey leader , the president of turkey.
the awh engineering college was established in 2001. mahe is northwest of kerala state where the awh engineering college with an academic staff of 250 is situated in the city of kuttikkattoor.
dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university. the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and the campus is located at in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology, bangalore, india, has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
denmark is led by monarchy of denmark. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has the european university association headquarters in brussels.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor. the awh engineering college (india) has 250 academic staff and was established in 2001. india largest city is mumbai.
mumbai is the largest city in india. the awh engineering college is in kerala, india. The leader of kerala is kochi. the ganges is a river in india.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in the city of aarhus.
aarhus has to aarhus northeast mols. aarhus, which has a magistrate type of government is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has the european university association headquarters in brussels.
baymax, baymax in big hero 6, was created by the american duncan rouleau and by steven t. seagle. alan tudyk starred in big hero 6.
michele marcolini has been manager of a.c. lumezzane which is located in italy. michele marcolini played for fc bari 1908, vicenza calcio. An italy leader is pietro grasso.
stuart parker has been manager of a.f.c. blackpool which is located in blackpool. stuart parker played for chesterfield fc, stockport county fc. An blackpool leader is the labour party (uk).
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy. a.s. gubbio 1910 play in serie d, the champions of which are s.s. robur siena. italy is led by sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian.
Located in marousi, the olympic stadium (athens) is the ground for aek athens fc. The manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet, whose club is real zaragoza, and who has played for chelsea fc.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in italy where pietro grasso leads italians. The capital of italy is rome and italian is spoken .
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the people who live there are called italians. The official language is italian and italy leader is sergio mattarella.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia, where indonesian is spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah. The nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java dish arem-arem is a commonly served in indonesia.
The capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur, and two ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malay. asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula.
The capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur, and two ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indian. asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula.
The capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur, and two ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indian. asam pedas is a dish from sumatra.
malaysia, led by abu zahar ujang, is the home to the malay and malaysian indian people . A dish found in the the malay peninsula region is called asam pedas.
bacon explosion is an the united states dish that contains bacon and sausage and bacon as bacon explosion main ingredients . bacon explosion originated in the kansas city metropolitan area.
bacon explosion originates from the united states where white americans are one of the ethnic groups. the united states capital city is washington dc and paul ryan is a politician there .
a bacon sandwich, a variation of the blt, where the main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce, comes from the united kingdom, and has different names including a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
baked alaska comes from the country of france where there are leaders called manuel valls and gerard larcher and french is the language spoken . baked alaska can also be found in the the hong kong region .
An ingredient of bandeja paisa is lemon. lemon is classified in the order rosids and belongs to the the family rutaceae family . bandeja paisa is found in colombia where you also find the antioquia department.
gerard larcher and francois hollande are both leaders of france, a country where french is spoken . barny cakes, made with sponge cake can be found in france.
batagor, a variation of siomay, comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay ; the dish shumai is a variation of batagor.
joko widodo is the leader of indonesia. batagor is a food originates from indonesia. batagor variations are siomay and the dish shumai, which contains shiitake among siomay ingredients .
batagor, a variation of the dish shumai, comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . shiitake is an ingredient in the dish shumai ; siomay is a variation of batagor.
bhajji, a dish with india roots , is a mix of gram flour and vegetables. bhajji originated in the karnataka region and is also known as bhaji or bajji.
bhajji comes from india where the residents are called indians and the leader is t s thakur. vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka which is where bhajji are found .
indians are from india, where t s thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders . bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india.
bionico is mexico  a dessert made from chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. bionico originates from the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dish found in mexico, where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is leader . honey can be added to bionico, which is a dish served as a dessert.
The name of the leader in mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and bionico can be found in the jalisco region . bionico served as a dessert and honey can be added to bionico.
arros negre comes from catalonia of spain, where carles puigdemont is catalonia leader. spain main ethnic group is spaniards and arros negre is led by felipe vi.
In italy, rome is the capital and two of the leaders are matteo renzi and laura boldrini. italy is where the language is italian and amatriciana sauce can be found .
amatriciana sauce is from italy, which is home to italians and where rome is the capital . sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy.
amatriciana sauce comes from italy, which leaders are pietro grasso and matteo renzi, rome is italy capital and they speak italian.
the javenese people are an ethinic group found in nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore and java. ayam penyet is a type of dish found in java and the main ingredient is fried chicken.
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java, the country of ayam penyet, which is also from the singapore region . english is spoken in singapore and tony tan is the leader .
batchoy is found in arabic and philippine spanish speaking the philippines. the philippines is home to zamboangans and the chinese filipino.
spanish is spoken in spain. ajoblanco originates from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader . spain main ethnic group are spaniards.
felipe vi is the leader of spain, a country where the people are called spaniards. ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain. susana diaz is the leader of andalusia.
alan bean was chosen by NASA in 1963. alan bean is National of the united states. alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. alan bean was a test pilot and has now retired.
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14 which is operated by nasa. alan shepard, born in new hampshire, was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy (a higher award than the department of commerce gold medal) .
william anders is the united states. william anders (born in british hong kong) was a crew member of nasa  apollo 8 with frank borman.
buzz aldrin is a the united states national born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member aboard apollo 11.
buzz aldrin, the united states, was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a fighter pilot before becoming part of nasa operated apollo 11 mission as the united states.
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin obtained massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin became a fighter pilot and has retired.
buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin (born in glen ridge, new jersey) was a crew member of nasa  apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot .
apollo 11 's backup pilot was william anders. retired buzz aldrin was once a crew member of apollo 11 which nasa assigned buzz aldrin to and buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930.
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14 which is operated by nasa. alan shepard died in california. california senator was dianne feinstein and the gem benitoite is the gemstone .
alan shepard  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal. the united states alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders is a the united states citizen born in british hong kong. william anders served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of the apollo 8 mission .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup, the central denmark region, denmark (faroese speaking) , led by margrethe ii.
The runway length of adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is 4100.0 and has the name 14l/32r. adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located at 610 metres above sea level in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire.
agra airport, in india, is operated by the indian air force and lies 167.94 metres above sea level . The runway has a length of 1818 and agra airport ICAO locationa identifier is viag.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is in iraq. al asad airbase has the ICAO Location Identifier , oraa and has a runway length of 3990.0. The name of the runway at al asad airbase is 08/26.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is in al anbar province, iraq. al asad airbase has the ICAO Location Identifier , oraa and has a runway length of 3992.88. The name of the runway at al asad airbase is 08/26.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force has the lockheed ac-130 missiles , the boeing c-17 globemaster iii transport aircrafts and the the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon aircraft . the united states air force fought in libya in 1986 battle .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom. the lockheed ac-130 is an attack aircraft at al asad airbase.
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . alderney airport has a 1st runway made from poaceae which is 733.0 in length and is named 08/26.
allama iqbal international airport, located in pakistan, is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore. The runway - 18l/36r - measures a length of 3310.0.
allama iqbal international airport, located in punjab, pakistan, is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore. The runway - 18r/36l - measures a length of 2900.0.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is in the united states. At 210 above sea level , and with a runway length of 1533.0, alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan.
alpena county regional airport in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan has a runway length of 1533.0 and serves the city of alpena, michigan. alpena county regional airport is located 210 meters below sea level and has the runway name 7/25.
alpena county regional airport in wilson township, alpena county, michigan has a runway length of 2744.0 and serves the city of alpena, michigan. alpena county regional airport is located 210 meters below sea level and has the runway name 1/19.
wilson township, alpena county, michigan is in the united states. Located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, with an elevation of 210 meters above sea level , is alpena county regional airport. alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena, michigan and has a runway that is 1533.0 long .
angola international airport which is located in ícolo e bengo serves luanda. angola international airport is situated 159 below sea level . angola international airport runway - which is called 05l/23r, measures 3800.0 meters long .
athens international airport serves the city of athens which is greece. Two of the leaders of which , are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis. In greece, one of the languages is greek.
athens international airport serves the city of athens which is greece. Two of the leaders of which , are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos. In greece, one of the languages is greek.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, the leader of which is don guardian. atlantic city international airport are located in new jersey, egg harbor township, the united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp. philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders of belgium, the country where brussels is the capital and antwerp is a traditional dish .
The ICAO Location Identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy. atlantic city international airport are located in new jersey, egg harbor township, the united states.
lake placid is part of new york. adirondack regional airport serves the cities of both lake placid and saranac lake harrietstown, the united states.
saranac lake is part of essex county, new york. adirondack regional airport serves the cities of both lake placid and saranac lake harrietstown, the united states.
the indian air force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the hal light combat helicopter. agra airport is in uttar pradesh which is ni turn part of both awadh and bundelkhand. the indian air force is the operating organisation of agra airport.
agra airport is found in uttar pradesh where ram naik is leader and is part of bundelkhand. the indian air force operates agra airport and the hal light combat helicopter is a helicopter used by the indian air force.
haider al-abadi and fuad masum are leaders of iraq where arabic is spoken . The city of fallujah in iraq is served by al-taqaddum air base.
200 public square was completed in 1985. 200 public square is in cleveland part of cuyahoga county, ohio in the united states
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york. Construction beginning in january 2014, a postmodern style  250 delaware avenue has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, the united states. The capital of illinois is springfield and the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
One of the languages of denmark is faroese and the leader is margrethe ii. the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen and tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark, where greenlandic is spoken . marriott international, founded in washington dc, is currently the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen tenant , and bill marriott is a key leader in marriott international.
denmark is lead by lars lokke rasmussen and one of the languages spoken is greenlandic. The current tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
adare manor comes from the republic of ireland where enda kenny is a leader . augustus pugin, bloomsbury native , is the architect behind the palace of westminster in bloomsbury and the grounds of adare manor.
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964. Building started on addis ababa city hall in 1961, addis ababa city hall is 42 metres high and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. the government of addis ababa are the current tenants .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors . The address for the akita museum of art is 142 nakadori, akita, akita prefecture, japan.
the akita museum of art is in akita, japan. The main ethnic group in japan are chinese people, the leader is tarō asō and akita is part of akita prefecture.
The architect of alan b miller hall is robert a.m. stern. alan b miller hall is located in virginia and owned by the college of william and mary. The current tenant is the united states based the mason school of business.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india ; led by the gujarat legislative assembly, including sumitra mahajan.
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka. ampara hospital is situated in the ampara district, eastern province of sri lanka where the leader is austin fernando.
the eastern provincial council is the governing body of eastern province. ampara hospital is in eastern province. sri lanka leader is ranil wickremesinghe and sri lanka capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including asilomar conference grounds, the los angeles herald examiner building, hearst castle and asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including asilomar conference grounds, the riverside art museum, hearst castle and asilomar state beach.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, new netherland, the united states. The leader of manhattan is cyrus vance jr.
103 colmore row, birmingham (the b postcode) , was designed by john madin who was born in birmingham. birmingham governing body is birmingham city council, which is lead by labour politician, john clancy.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where the capital is washington dc and the leader has the title the president. john roberts and barack obama are leaders of the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the united states. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge, adams county, pennsylvania. Erected in 2000 the 11th mississippi infantry monument falls under the category of a contributing property.
frederick county, maryland is to the southwest of adams county. adams county is located east of franklin county and south of cumberland county, while carroll county, maryland lies to the southeast . adams county is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property.
The leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade. red granite and white marble  the baku turkish martyrs' memorial dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is found in the capital of azerbaijan, baku. It is called the baku turkish martyrs' memorial and was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku and was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is also known by native turk sehitleri aniti. azerbaijan leader is artur rasizade.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in maryland. the monocacy national battlefield is found in frederick county, maryland. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and can be found in the monocacy national battlefield. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is part of the category of a historic district in the united states.
alan bean spent 100305 minutes in space . alan bean, born march 15, 1932. in wheeler, texas. was the united states  a test pilot. alan bean has since retired.
alan shepard died in california. Born in new hampshire, alan shepard was a crew member on nasa  apollo 14 mission . alan shepard  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
alan bean was born alan lavern bean. alan bean joined nasa and was a member of apollo 12 along with david scott as Commander and alfred worden as back up pilot . alan bean retired on june 1981.
buzz aldrin was an the united states born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin graduated massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science and was hired by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin served as a fighter pilot and was a part of the crew of apollo 11.
apollo 11 's backup pilot was william anders. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science before being a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
apollo 11 's backup pilot was william anders. buzz aldrin, the united states, was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a fighter pilot before becoming part of nasa operated apollo 11 mission as the united states.
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin graduated massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin served as a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963.
smilodon is a fossil from california. dianne feinstein represents the state of california, where one can find the gemstone the gem benitoite, as a senator . alan shepard recently died there . alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, an award higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. the united states  a fighter pilot  william anders from british hong kong, received afit in 1962 with an m.s and went on to become a crew member on apollo 8.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. british hong kong born william anders was a crew member on nasa  apollo 8 alongside buzz aldrin and frank borman.
frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. william anders, afit in 1962 with an m.s was a crew member on nasa operated apollo 8 mission (for which buzz aldrin was the backup pilot) . william anders is now retired.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in switzerland, ticino. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio ( Dean - mario botta ) was established in 1996, has an academic staff of 100 and is located in the city of mendrisio.
the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka. the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. the acharya institute of technology is affilaited with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 post-graduate students .
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000. the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. the acharya institute of technology is affilaited with the visvesvaraya technological university.
denmark is led by monarchy of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university, led by lars lokke rasmussen, is located in denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association, whose headquarters are in brussels. The religion is the church of denmark.
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen. The leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen and denmark is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated to the european university association headquartered in brussels.
mumbai is the largest city in india. the awh engineering college is in kerala, india. The leader of kerala is kochi. the ganges is a river in india. the awh engineering college was established in 2001.
The patron Saint of romania is andrew the apostle. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania. romania capital is bucharest and is led by klaus iohannis. The ethnicity of romania is largely the germans of romania and the national anthem is deșteaptă-te, române!
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark has 737 employees , 16000 students and was established in 1928. denmark is led by lars lokke rasmussen.
The currency of turkey is the turkish lira. ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where ankara is the capital , although the largest is istanbul. turkey is the location of bronze  the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
ankara is the capital of turkey. the president of turkey  ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey which is the location of the ataturk monument designed by pietro canonica. the ataturk monument is made of bronze and was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932. the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and turkey capital city is ankara. The largest city in turkey is istanbul. The turkey currency is the turkish lira. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
The dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta. switzerland is governed by federal chancellor and is also home to the accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of mendrisio and currently has 600 students with 100 members of staff .
the acharya institute of technology motto is nurturing excellence. the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore in india and was established in 2000. the acharya institute of technology President is b.m. reddy and the Director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar. the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka.
karnataka has to karnataka northeast telangana. the acharya institute of technology in mumbai, karnataka was given the `` Technological Campus '' status by the all india council for technical education ( located in mumbai ) . the acharya institute of technology offers tennis and the sports governing body is the international tennis federation. karnataka has the arabian sea to karnataka west .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia. the germans of romania are the ethnic group of romania which is led by prime minister  klaus iohannis and has bucharest as romania capital . alba iulia is also in romania and romania anthem is deșteaptă-te, române!.
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen. The city of aarhus is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which is affiliated with the european university association. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university, which has 737 academic staff , was established in 1928 in denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
denmark is led by monarchy of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark is affiliated with the european university association headquartered in brussels. denmark is governed by a magistrate, and the leaders name is lars lokke rasmussen.
The latin name of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is `` universitas aarhusiensis '' . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students and the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university dean is thomas pallesen. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated to the european university association.
alan bean is an the united states born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932. alan bean was a test pilot and was part of of apollo 12. alan bean graduated ut austin in 1955 with a b.s and is now retired.
alan shepard has died in california. alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. After attending nwc and graduated with an ma in 1957  alan shepard became a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1959.
alan bean is the united states. The nasa operated apollo 12 had many crew members . The commander was david scott, and alan bean (born in wheeler, texas) was a test pilot. alfred worden was the backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930. buzz aldrin real name was edwin e. aldrin jr.. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey in 20 january 1930 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin, who was awarded 20, went to school at massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin is the united states national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. Prior to buzz aldrin retiral buzz aldrin was a crew member on apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin was born 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. Now retired, buzz aldrin served as a member of the apollo 11 crew , which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and is a citizen of the united states. buzz aldrin, massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science was a crew member on nasa operated apollo 11 mission (for which william anders was the backup pilot) . buzz aldrin is now retired.
william anders who is the united states was born in british hong kong in october 17th, 1933. william anders served as a fighter pilot on apollo 8 before retiring in september 1, 1969.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders who is a citizen of the united states became a crew member of apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman. william anders was born in british hong kong.
william anders spent 8820.0 minutes in space . In 1963 NASA chose william anders to become a member of the apollo 8 crew . william anders was a fighter pilot before that who was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933 and retired on september 1, 1969.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Battle of Mine Run was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub in Office While Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal active Years End Date 1965-01-03.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides in Gravesend.
Adenan Satem graduated from University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras.
Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave won Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave military Rank Lieutenant colonel.
Airey Neave service Start Year 1935.
Albert B. White party United States Republican Party.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain military Branch Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales active Years Start Date 1875-03-04.
Battle of Chancellorsville was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers active Years Start Date 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers military Branch United States Army.
Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin active Years Start Date 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party.
American Civil War was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Austrian German is spoken in Austria.
Battle of Antietam was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Battle of Cold Harbor is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Gulf War was commanded by Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy predecessor Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus graduated from University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco.
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party.
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands.
Spanish–American War was a battle involving United States Army.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
1955 Dodge is also known as Dodge Coronet.
1955 Dodge engine cubic inches 230.
A-Rosa Luna christening Date 2005-04-07.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna was operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16.
AIDAstella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella maiden Voyage 2013-03-17.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine.
Acura TLX engine Honda K engine.
Acura TLX layout vehicle AWD.
Acura TLX related Mean Of Transportation Honda Accord.
Acura TLX transmission V6 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 transmission ZF 4HP18QE 4-speed automatic.
Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m.
Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alhambra top Speed 18.52.
Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed 25 model Start Year 1937.
American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m.
rocket Antares final Flight 2014-10-28.
rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre.
Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11.
Aston Martin V8 body Style Convertible.
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin.
Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16.
Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels.
Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Alfa Romeo 164.
Germans inhabit Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Guiana Space Centre headquarter is Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine manufacturer Honda.
The anthem of the united states is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
A.C. Milan chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
footballer Abner was born in brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent former Team Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC position Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. has a height of 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. play in National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played youth football for a.s. roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons is located in atlanta.
Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney.
Budapest is in Hungary.
english is spoken in Canada.
Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.
Motherwell F.C. ground is in Fir Park.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis Rams is located in st. louis.
Tennessee Titans is located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram active Years Start Year 1998.
Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer record Label Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is Progressive metal.
Abradab background solo singer.
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in poland.
Abradab is Hip hop music.
Agustín Barboza is music Guarania.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is Rock music.
Albennie Jones associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Soul music.
Alex Day is Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa associated Band/associated Musical Artist Héctor Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
Allen Forrest is Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in chicago.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow.
musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns instrument Guitar.
Hip hop music music Subgenre Gangsta rap.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk.
Indie rock stylistic Origin New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in london.
RCA Records distributing Company Sony Music Entertainment.
Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues.
Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music.
british people inhabit the united kingdom.
19255  1994 VK8 density gram Per Cubic Centimetres 2.0.
29075  1950 DA discoverer Carl A. Wirtanen.
410777  2009 FD absolute Magnitude 22.1.
410777  2009 FD apoapsis kilometres 259776702.47055.
66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0252.
1001 Gaussia was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia maximum Temperature kelvins 165.0.
101 Helena apoapsis kilometres 441092000.0.
101 Helena epoch 2006-12-31.
101 Helena mass kilograms 3.0.
1036 Ganymed average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.86.
103 Hera absolute Magnitude 7.66.
103 Hera mass kilograms 7.9.
107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08.
107 Camilla discoverer A. Storrs.
1089 Tama was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846.
1097 Vicia average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 17.92.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31.
1097 Vicia rotation Period 95040.0.
109 Felicitas discoverer Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76.
1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone temperature kelvins 173.0.
James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze. Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was was born in Minna and was a student at Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff. Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff. Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe.
World War II was a battle involving Abner W. Sibal. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army. the korean war was a battle involving United States Army.
Adam Holloway was was born in Kent and was a student at Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway resides in Gravesend. Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
World War I was a battle involving Adam Koc. Adam Koc won Virtuti Militari.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave won Military Cross. Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1974-03-04.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. Battle of France was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. World War II was commanded by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White death Year 1941. Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White profession Politician. Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york city) died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain in Office While Vice President Edmund J. Davis. Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain party United States Republican Party. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york city.
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria. Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales worked At, worked As office Governor of North Carolina. Alfred Moore Scales successor politician James W. Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle. Daniel Gould Fowle graduated from Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office the united states house of representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army. American Civil War was a battle involving United States Army.
World War II was a battle involving Allan Shivers. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4.
Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4. Allan Shivers successor Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23. Alvah Sabin worked At, worked As office Secretary of State of Vermont.
the euro is the currency of Netherlands while Agnes Kant is also located in Netherlands.
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands where Agnes Kant is located .
Parkersburg, West Virginia is in the united states. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Aaron Boogaard plays for Wichita Thunder. Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. The manager of Peñarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team. Adam Maher plays for az alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C.. Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team. Akeem Adams plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots. Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39.
Akeem Ayers former Team Tennessee Titans. Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39.
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987. Akeem Dent was born on 1987-09-27.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies. Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club. Al-Khor Sports Club ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. footballer Alan Martin plays for Leeds United F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. Hamilton Academical F.C. ground is in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. FC Tom Tomsk play in Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989. Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays for Pallacanestro Cantù. Alex Tyus was born on 1988-01-08.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C..
Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba. Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada.
english is spoken in Canada. Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada.
The manager of FC Dinamo Batumi is Levan Khomeriki. Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
Ro PS play in Veikkausliiga. Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS.
United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
Aaron Deer is Psychedelia. Aaron Deer instrument Guitar.
Aaron Deer origin the united states. Aaron Deer origin indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner is Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner instrument Singing. Aaron Turner is Avant-garde metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik. Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12, in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice. Abradab was born in poland.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.
Ace Wilder record Label Warner Music Group. Ace Wilder background solo singer.
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay. Agustín Barboza record Label Philips Records.
Alan Frew is Rock music. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.
Alan Frew is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music.
Albennie Jones is Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Soul music. Aleksandra Kovač active Years Start Year 1990.
Alex Day is Synthpop. Synthpop stylistic Origin New wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer. Alfredo Zitarrosa is music Milonga.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer. Alfredo Zitarrosa is Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa (born in Uruguay) died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa (born in Montevideo) died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is artform Zamba. Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Plastik Mak. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is Folk rock. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Alternative rock music Subgenre Christian alternative rock. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Phil Lesh and Friends. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues. Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues. Anders Osborne record Label Shanachie Records.
singer Andra is Pop music. singer Andra active Years Start Year 2000.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mark Sixma.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren.
musician Andrew White is Alternative rock. Alternative rock stylistic Origin New wave music.
Country music instrument Banjo. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Country music.
Polydor Records is located in london. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records.
19255  1994 VK8 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0925. 19255  1994 VK8 apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
410777  2009 FD apoapsis kilometres 259776702.47055. 410777  2009 FD minimum Temperature kelvins 211.0.
410777  2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0. 410777  2009 FD discoverer Spacewatch.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04. 66063  1998 RO1 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0999.
66391  1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14. 66391  1999 KW4 orbital Period 16244700.0.
66391  1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14. 66391  1999 KW4 rotation Period 9953.28.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.86. 1036 Ganymed apoapsis kilometres 611961000.0.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade was born in German Empire.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade is Germany.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson is Canada.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB;.
1089 Tama temperature kelvins 179.0. 1089 Tama apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31. 1097 Vicia periapsis 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas apoapsis kilometres 523329000.0. 109 Felicitas temperature kelvins 170.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31. 109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas rotation Period 47487.6. 109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968. 10 Hygiea temperature kelvins 164.0.
10 Hygiea was formerly called A900 GA. 10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31. 110 Lydia mass kilograms 6.7.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31. 110 Lydia orbital Period 142603000.0.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship. A-Rosa Luna length millimetres 125800.0.
A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22. A-Rosa Luna length millimetres 125800.0.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. AIDAluna was operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAluna top Speed 40.744. AIDAluna length millimetres 252000.0.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16. AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works. ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALV X-1 diameter metres 1.524. ALV X-1 rocket Stages 2.
AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin. AMC Matador model Years 1974.
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague. Richard A. Teague employer Chrysler.
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo length millimetres 192000.0. V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is in Argentina.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company. Alvis Car and Engineering Company is located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle. Alvis Speed 25 engine cubic Centimetres 4387.0.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle. Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors.
rocket Antares maiden Flight 2014-01-09. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is located .
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3. Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space.
Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space. Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space.
Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage. Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16. Atlas II diameter 3.04 m.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Atlas II manufacturer Lockheed Martin.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi belongs to the division of Audi e-tron.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi subsidiary Ducati.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi subsidiary Quattro Gmb H.
A key person at Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base. rocket Antares comparable Delta II.
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland.
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat. American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat.
MTU Friedrichshafen is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings. A-Rosa Luna power Type MTU Friedrichshafen.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
Ab Klink graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. Ab Klink party Christian Democratic Appeal. Ab Klink was born in Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State. Abdulsalami Abubakar graduated from Technical Institute, Kaduna. Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Air Force. Olusegun Obasanjo in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army. Olusegun Obasanjo in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas. Abel Caballero worked At, worked As office Member of the Congress of Deputies. Abel Caballero was born in Spain Galicia.
Abel Caballero was born in spain. Abel Caballero was born in Spain Galicia. Abel Caballero party Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
World War II was a battle involving Abner W. Sibal. Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal worked At, worked As office Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. Abner W. Sibal party United States Republican Party. Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens.
Gulf War was a battle involving Adam Holloway. Gulf War was commanded by George H. W. Bush. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards.
Adam Holloway party the conservative party (uk). Adam Holloway was born in Faversham. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland. Polish–Soviet War was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Polish–Soviet War is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War. Polish–Soviet War was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Minister for Health. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras. Greece New Democracy colour Blue. Adonis Georgiadis party Greece New Democracy.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant party Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Member of the House of Representatives. Agnes Kant was born in West Germany. Agnes Kant graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1974-03-04. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30.
Albert B. White death Year 1941. Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22. Albert B. White date Of Death 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White. Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Albert Jennings Fountain (born in Staten Island) died in the united states.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york city. Albert Jennings Fountain (born in Staten Island) died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york. Albert Jennings Fountain (born in Staten Island) died in the united states.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires City Legislature is the governing body of Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas. Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach (born in Austria) died in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4. Allan Shivers party the democratic party of the us. Allan Shivers successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr..
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03. Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont region . Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party. Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23. Henry Clay is the leader of United States Whig Party.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party. Daniel Webster is the leader of United States Whig Party. Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont.
American Civil War was commanded by Abraham Lincoln. American Civil War was a battle involving Albert Jennings Fountain. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the united states.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales. Battle of Fredericksburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. Alfons Gorbach (born in County of Tyrol) died in Austria.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. Alfons Gorbach (born in state Tyrol) died in Austria.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Battle of Salem Church was commanded by Robert E. Lee. Battle of Salem Church is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War. Battle of Salem Church was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
The currency of Netherlands is the euro. Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a citizen of Netherlands.
Polish language is spoken in poland. Adam Koc is poland. Kashubians are an ethnic group in poland.
19255  1994 VK8 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0925. 19255  1994 VK8 mass kilograms 5.6. 19255  1994 VK8 apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
410777  2009 FD orbital Period 39447000.0. 410777  2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0. 410777  2009 FD discoverer Spacewatch.
66063  1998 RO1 minimum Temperature degree Celsius -71.0. 66063  1998 RO1 maximum Temperature kelvins 500.0. 66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66391  1999 KW4 average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 37.16. 66391  1999 KW4 density gram Per Cubic Centimetres 2.0. 66391  1999 KW4 apoapsis kilometres 162164091.8388.
1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0. 1000 Piazzia periapsis 352497000000.0. 1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27.
1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27. 1001 Gaussia was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC. 1001 Gaussia periapsis kilometres 419113394.55312.
101 Helena mass kilograms 3.0. 101 Helena escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0348. 101 Helena apoapsis kilometres 441092000.0.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade is Germany. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. 103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27. 103 Hera orbital Period days 1622.213. 103 Hera apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.
103 Hera escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0482. 103 Hera temperature kelvins 170.0. 103 Hera apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham. N. R. Pogson is england.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;. 1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama periapsis 288749000000.0. 1089 Tama apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31. 1097 Vicia was formerly called 1928 PC. 1097 Vicia periapsis 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31. 109 Felicitas mass kilograms 7.5. 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31. 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0. 109 Felicitas apoapsis kilometres 523329000.0.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76. 10 Hygiea orbital Period days 5.57. 10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76. 10 Hygiea surface Area square Kilometres 837080.744. 10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968.
10 Hygiea surface Area square Kilometres 837080.744. 10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968. 10 Hygiea temperature kelvins 164.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31. 110 Lydia mass kilograms 6.7. 110 Lydia periapsis 377016000000.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31. 110 Lydia periapsis 377016000000.0. 110 Lydia apoapsis kilometres 440756000.0.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends. Suburban Legends is Pop music.
Aaron Deer is Indie rock. Aaron Deer origin indiana. Aaron Deer origin the united states.
Aaron Deer origin the united states. Aaron Deer is Psychedelia. Aaron Deer origin indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine. Aaron Turner is Black metal.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine. Aaron Turner is Drone music.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mamiffer. Aaron Turner is Ambient music.
Aaron Turner is Black metal. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Aaron Turner is Black metal. Aaron Turner instrument Singing. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik. Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44. Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik. Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44. Abradab origin Katowice.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay. Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. NRBQ band Al Anderson instrument Singing. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music.
Alan Frew is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.
Albennie Jones is Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues. Jazz music Fusion Genre Afrobeat.
Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues. Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2. Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač. Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kristina Kovač.
Alex Day is Synthpop. Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music. Synthpop stylistic Origin Disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones (born in Manchester) died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london, was born in england and Alfred Garth Jones nationality is the united kingdom.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london, was born in Manchester and Alfred Garth Jones nationality is the united kingdom.
the labour party (uk) is the leader of Manchester. Alfred Garth Jones (born in Manchester) died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones died in london. boris johnson is the leader of london.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk. Alison O'Donnell record Label Static Caravan Recordings.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. Allen Forrest is Pop music. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Allen Forrest is Rhythm and blues. Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock. Alternative rock stylistic Origin New wave music.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records. Anders Osborne is Rock music. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.
singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist singer Puya. singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist CRBL. singer Andra is Dance-pop.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist Andreea Bălan. singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marius Moga.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. singer Andra background solo singer. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel is Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina. Andrew Rayel is Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Christian Burns is House music. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs. musician Andrew White record Label defunct record label Universal Records.
Ska punk stylistic Origin Ska. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends. Aaron Bertram is Ska punk.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. Albennie Jones was born in the united states.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine. 1955 Dodge transmission 3-speed automatic. 1955 Dodge is also known as Dodge Coronet.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship. A-Rosa Luna length millimetres 125800.0. A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22.
A-Rosa Luna ship Displacement tonnes 1850.0. A-Rosa Luna top Speed 24.0. A-Rosa Luna length millimetres 125800.0.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16. AIDAstella ship In Service 2013-03-17. AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. the american inhabit the united states.
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states.
ALV X-1 diameter metres 1.524. ALV X-1 rocket Stages 2. ALV X-1 total Launches 1.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé production End Year 1958. Abarth 1000 GT Coupé body Style Coupé. Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé wheelbase millimetres 2160.0. Abarth 1000 GT Coupé width 1.55. Abarth 1000 GT Coupé body Style Two door coupé.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Helsinki. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. rome is the capital of italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. rome is the capital of italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m. Alhambra length millimetres 63800.0. Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m. Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31. Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company. Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Petrol.
American Motors fate automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors. A key person at American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. rocket Antares function Medium expendable launch system.
Ariane 5 manufacturer Arianespace. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom.
Atlas II country Origin the united states. Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base. Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Atlas II country Origin the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. the united states is led by the president.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Atlas II country Origin the united states. Atlas II launch Site Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2. Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels. Audi A1 body Style Hatchback.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza. Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation Volkswagen Polo.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in california Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Caterpillar Inc. is located in illinois. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella, owned by Costa Crociere, is located in Genoa.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states.
Guiana Space Centre headquarter is French Guiana. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3.
Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3.
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft. Neptun Werft location Country Germany.
the american inhabit the united states. Atlas II country Origin the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. Aaron Hunt played youth football for Goslarer SC 08. Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. The manager of Vf L Wolfsburg is Dieter Hecking. Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C.. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. Adam Maher was born in Netherlands. Adam Maher plays for az alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for W Connection F.C..
Akeem Ayers former Team Los Angeles Rams. Akeem Ayers draft Round 2. Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39.
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams. Akeem Ayers draft Round 2. Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent was born on 1987-09-27. Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in iraq. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01. footballer Alan Martin plays for Clyde F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Motherwell F.C.. footballer Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.. Accrington Stanley F.C. ground is in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02, in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. draft Team Florida Panthers. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland.
Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia. Aleksandr Chumakov (born in Soviet Union) died in Russia.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for Russia national football B team. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. Olympique Lyonnais ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli plays for azal pfk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. Olympique Lyonnais ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-16 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-16 football team. Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto. Alessio Romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria. Alessio Romagnoli was born in italy.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304. Alex Plante plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304. Alex Plante plays for Anyang Halla. Alex Plante was born in Canada.
Alex Tyus play in Euroleague. Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.
FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, who play in 2014–15 Russian Premier League, is Valery Petrakov.
The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C.. Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of Moscow. Aleksandr Chumakov (born in Moscow) died in Russia.
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. footballer Abner plays for Brazil national under-20 football team. footballer Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla.
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. footballer Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla. footballer Abner plays for c.d. fas.
st. louis is part of Greater St. Louis. Alex Tyus was born in st. louis. francis g. slay is the leader of st. louis.
Tennessee Titans is located in Nashville, Tennessee. Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots. Akeem Ayers debut Team Tennessee Titans.
United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen. The manager of SV Werder Bremen II is Alexander Nouri. Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II. SV Werder Bremen II play in the 3 liga league.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C..
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. Abel Hernández plays for Central Español. The manager of Peñarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. U.S. Città di Palermo play in serie a.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Prince Edward Island. Adam Mc Quaid was born on 1986-10-12. Adam Mc Quaid weight kilograms 94.8024. Adam Mc Quaid birth Year 1986.
Adam Mc Quaid draft Team Columbus Blue Jackets. Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney. Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio. Adam Mc Quaid plays for Boston Bruins.
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams. Akeem Ayers was born on 1989-07-10. Akeem Ayers debut Team Tennessee Titans. Akeem Ayers birth Year 1989.
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987. Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans. Akeem Dent was born on 1987-09-27. Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans. Akeem Dent was born on 1987-09-27. Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Iraq national under-23 football team. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01. footballer Alan Martin has a height of centimetres 185.42. footballer Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Scotland national under-21 football team. footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01. footballer Alan Martin has a height of centimetres 185.42. footballer Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. Aleksandr Prudnikov has a height of centimetres 185.0. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. Aleksandr Prudnikov has a height of centimetres 185.0. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi. Aleksandre Guruli has a height of centimetres 178.0. Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989. Alex Plante plays for Anyang Halla. Alex Plante was born in Canada. Alex Plante was born on 1989-05-09.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989. Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304. Alex Plante plays for Anyang Halla. Alex Plante was born in Canada.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of Canada. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. Inuktitut is spoken in Canada.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of Canada. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of Canada. Slavey language is spoken in Canada. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
FC Terek Grozny ground is in Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, who play in 2014–15 Russian Premier League, is Valery Petrakov. FC Torpedo Moscow chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov.
Houston Texans is located in texas. Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans. Houston Texans is located in houston.
Peñarol play in Uruguayan Primera División. Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C..
19255  1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31. 19255  1994 VK8 orbital Period 8788850000.0. 19255  1994 VK8 periapsis 6155910000000.0. 19255  1994 VK8 apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04. 66063  1998 RO1 orbital Period days 360.29. 66063  1998 RO1 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0999. 66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66063  1998 RO1 mean Temperature kelvins 265.0. 66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815. 66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04. 66063  1998 RO1 orbital Period days 360.29.
1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27. 1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0. 1000 Piazzia periapsis 352497000000.0. 1000 Piazzia escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0252.
1001 Gaussia discoverer Sergey Belyavsky. 1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27. 1001 Gaussia was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC. 1001 Gaussia periapsis kilometres 419113394.55312.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade was born in German Empire. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen. Walter Baade doctoral Student Allan Sandage.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade doctoral Student Halton Arp. Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade doctoral Student Halton Arp. Walter Baade died in West Germany. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. 103 Hera apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson died in Chennai. 107 Camilla periapsis kilometres 479343000.0. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson died in Chennai. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham. 107 Camilla discovered 2001-03-01.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;. 1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846. 1089 Tama periapsis 288749000000.0.
1089 Tama escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0068. 1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846. 1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31. 1097 Vicia mass kilograms 9.8. 1097 Vicia orbital Period 135589000.0. 1097 Vicia apoapsis kilometres 511592000.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31. 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0. 109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0. 109 Felicitas escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0473.
10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27. 10 Hygiea was formerly called A900 GA. 10 Hygiea orbital Period days 5.57. 10 Hygiea periapsis 416136000000.0.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31. 1101 Clematis escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0. 1101 Clematis apoapsis kilometres 520906000.0.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31. 1101 Clematis was formerly called 1928 SJ. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0. 1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0.
1101 Clematis escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0. 1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0. 1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine. 1955 Dodge manufacturer Dodge. 1955 Dodge transmission 3-speed automatic. 1955 Dodge wheelbase inches 120.0.
1955 Dodge related Mean Of Transportation De Soto Custom. De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport. De Soto Custom successor De Soto Firedome. De Soto Custom manufacturer automobile De Soto.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. American Locomotive Company location Country the united states. American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works. ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. AMC Matador assembly Mexico City. AMC Matador body Style Station wagon. AMC Matador engine AMC V8 engine.
AMC Matador is also known as VAM Classic. AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin. AMC Matador class is Mid-size car. AMC Matador engine AMC straight-6 engine.
Acura TLX assembly Marysville, Ohio. Acura TLX class is Mid-size car. Acura TLX layout front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive. Acura TLX engine Honda K engine.
Acura TLX assembly Marysville Auto Plant. Acura TLX engine V6 engine. Acura TLX layout Front-engine design. Acura TLX class is Luxury vehicle.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov is In service. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland. Finns inhabit Finland. Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Helsinki.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov is In service. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Helsinki. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000. Alfa Romeo 164 engine Straight-four engine. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000. Alfa Romeo 164 engine V6 engine.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m. Alhambra length millimetres 63800.0. Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31. Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company. Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Petrol. Alvis Car and Engineering Company successor Rover Company.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company. Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine. Alvis Car and Engineering Company successor Rover Company.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors. American Motors fate Chrysler. A key person at American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m. American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25. American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334. American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat.
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25. American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334. American submarine NR-1 length millimetres 45000.0. American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares final Flight 2014-10-28. rocket Antares maiden Flight 2013-04-21. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares maiden Flight 2013-04-21. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. rocket Antares final Flight 2013-09-18.
Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. london is the capital of the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage. Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage. Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II diameter 3.04 m. Atlas II final Flight 2002-12-05. Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base. Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi A1 class is Supermini. Audi A1 engine litres 1.2. Audi A1 layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi was founded by August Horch. Audi belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. Audi subsidiary Ducati.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in illinois. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in california AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
Delta II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. Delta II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 body Style automobile Sedan.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan. Alfa Romeo 164 body Style automobile Sedan.
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat. American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m. American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat. General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany. Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. Rostock is in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. english is spoken in the united states. Atlas II country Origin the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
the american inhabit the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. Atlas II country Origin the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends. Suburban Legends band Member trombonist Brian Robertson. Aaron Bertram is Ska punk.
Aaron Deer background solo singer. Aaron Deer is Psychedelia. Aaron Deer origin indianapolis. Aaron Deer origin indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Isis. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Sumac. Aaron Turner is Electroacoustic music. Aaron Turner instrument Singing.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom. Aaron Turner is Post-metal. Aaron Turner active Years Start Year 1995.
Aaron Turner is Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Sumac. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm. Ace Wilder was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. Ace Wilder was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was Songwriter. Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was Songwriter. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden.
Ahmet Ertegun is Rhythm and blues. Ahmet Ertegun origin washington dc. Ahmet Ertegun background non performing personnel. Ahmet Ertegun origin the united states.
Ahmet Ertegun is Rock and roll. Ahmet Ertegun origin the united states. Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Albennie Jones active Years End Year 1950. Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.
Albennie Jones is Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Albennie Jones was born in the united states.
Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972. Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music. Aleksandra Kovač was born in Belgrade. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer. Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972. Aleksandra Kovač was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Chameleon Circuit. Alex Day is Acoustic music. Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell. Alex Day active Years Start Year 2006.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Chameleon Circuit. Alex Day is Electronic music. Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell. Alex Day active Years Start Year 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london. Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. The demonym for people living in Uruguay, where Montevideo is located , is Uruguayans. politician Daniel Martínez is the leader of Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records. Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. Alfredo Zitarrosa is Candombe. Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music. Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Head South By Weaving. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music. Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records. Deram Records is located in london. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records. Deram Records is located in london. Alison O'Donnell record Label Fruits de Mer Records.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981. Allen Forrest is Acoustic music. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Allen Forrest birth Year 1981. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. Alternative rock stylistic Origin Punk rock. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit. Anders Osborne is Rock music. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records. Alligator Records is Blues. Alligator Records is located in chicago. Anders Osborne record Label Shanachie Records.
singer Andra is Dance-pop. singer Andra was Singing. singer Andra was born in romania. singer Andra background solo singer.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues derivative Funk. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel is Trance music. Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Trance music stylistic Origin House music. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel is Trance music.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock. musician Andrew White active Years Start Year 2003.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White record Label defunct record label Universal Records. musician Andrew White active Years Start Year 2003.
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay. Agustín Barboza died in Asunción, Gran Asunción. Agustín Barboza died in Paraguay.
Country music instrument Banjo. NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Country music.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco. Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester. Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. the labour party (uk) is the leader of Manchester.
Post-metal instrument Cello. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist House of Low Culture. Aaron Turner is Post-metal.
band Twilight is Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues. Albennie Jones was born in the united states.
American Civil War was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. Aaron S. Daggett (born in Maine) died in West Roxbury. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Battle of the Wilderness was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. Aaron S. Daggett (born in Maine) died in West Roxbury. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Ab Klink graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated with Association of MBAs. Ab Klink worked At, worked As office Netherlands Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport. Ab Klink was born in Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Asajaya region . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Kuching. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Asajaya region . Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem. Adenan Satem was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem. Adenan Satem was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya. Mike Akhigbe successor Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya. Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Al-Amin Daggash. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Air Force.
Abel Caballero in Office While Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain. Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco. Abel Caballero in Office While Prime Minister Felipe González. Abel Caballero was born in Spain Galicia.
Abel Caballero worked At, worked As office Minister of Transport. Abel Caballero was born in Spain Galicia. Abel Caballero was born in spain. Abel Caballero party Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states.
Gulf War was a battle involving Adam Holloway. Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Adam Holloway active Years Start Date 2005-05-05. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Polish language is spoken in poland. Polish–Soviet War was commanded by Joseph Stalin. Adam Koc is poland.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Polish–Soviet War is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War. Adam Koc died in new york city. Polish–Soviet War was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Vice-President of New Democracy. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Greece Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Member of the Hellenic Parliament. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. The currency of Netherlands is the euro. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives. Agnes Kant party Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Netherlands Socialist Party colour Red. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party. Agnes Kant party Netherlands Socialist Party.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1974-03-04. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery. Royal Artillery garrison Hohne. World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. World War II was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek.
Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04. Albert B. White active Years Start Date 1901-03-04.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york. french is spoken in new york. American Civil War was commanded by Abraham Lincoln. American Civil War was a battle involving Albert Jennings Fountain.
American Civil War was a battle involving Albert Jennings Fountain. Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york city) died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york) died in New Mexico Territory. Albert Jennings Fountain (born in Staten Island) died in the united states.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires. Alberto Teisaire party Justicialist Party. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas. Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle. Alfred Moore Scales worked At, worked As office Governor of North Carolina. Alfred Moore Scales party the democratic party of the us. Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army. Whiskey Rebellion was a battle involving United States Army. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Alfred N. Phillips party the democratic party of the us. Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Alfred N. Phillips party the democratic party of the us. Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers party the democratic party of the us. Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel. Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Governor of Texas.
Allan Shivers party the democratic party of the us. Allan Shivers successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.. Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Governor of Texas.
Alvah Sabin worked At, worked As office Secretary of State of Vermont. Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region . Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont. Alvah Sabin is in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party. Daniel Webster is the leader of United States Whig Party. Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont region . Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.
Battle of Gettysburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War. American Civil War was commanded by Robert E. Lee. Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire is Argentina. spanish is spoken in Argentina. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas. Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella ship Beam 32.2. AIDAstella top Speed 38.892. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956.
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. the american inhabit the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. The anthem of the united states is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. AMC Matador assembly Thames, New Zealand. AMC Matador body Style Station wagon. AMC Matador class is Mid-size car. AMC Matador engine AMC V8 engine.
Alhambra is owned by company P&O. company P&O is located in london. Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m. Alhambra power Type Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes. Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle. American Motors subsidiary Wheel Horse. AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors. American Motors fate Chrysler. A key person at American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25. American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334. American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m. American submarine NR-1 length millimetres 45000.0. American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m.
rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 associated Rocket Minotaur IV.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares final Flight 2014-07-13. rocket Antares maiden Flight 2014-10-28. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. rocket Antares diameter metres 3.9.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares maiden Flight 2014-10-28. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. rocket Antares diameter metres 3.9. rocket Antares final Flight 2013-09-18.
Ariane 5 final Flight 2009-12-18. Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11. Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space. Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 diameter metres 5.4.
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes. Guiana Space Centre headquarter is French Guiana. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3. ELA-3 was operated by Arianespace.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin DBS successor Aston Martin Vantage. Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 body Style Coupé. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1. Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage. Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2. Audi A1 layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. Audi A1 assembly Brussels, Belgium. Audi A1 class is Supermini. Audi A1 body Style Hatchback.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi was founded by August Horch. Audi subsidiary Ducati. Audi belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. Audi subsidiary Lamborghini.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in california Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the united states Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
A key person at Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the united states AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
A key person at Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the united states Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
Finns inhabit Finland. Sami languages is spoken in Finland. Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Berlin is the capital of Germany. Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. Joachim Gauck is the leader of Germany. Rostock is in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.
Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany. Berlin is the capital of Germany. Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. Rostock is in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.
the american inhabit the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. english is spoken in the united states. Atlas II country Origin the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. Central Español play in Uruguayan Segunda División. Abel Hernández plays for Central Español. The manager of Peñarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. Valentina Matviyenko is the leader of Russia. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for Soviet Union national football team. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny. Olympique Lyonnais chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas. Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. Olympique Lyonnais ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. A.C. Milan play in serie a. The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli position football Defender. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli currentclub A.C. Milan. The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. A.C. Milan chairman is Silvio Berlusconi. Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Central Español play in Uruguayan Segunda División. Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini. Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
FC Spartak Moscow chairman is Sergey Rodionov. FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm. The manager of FC Amkar Perm is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
FC Spartak Moscow chairman is Sergey Rodionov. FC Terek Grozny ground is in Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov.
FC Terek Grozny ground is in Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Soviet Union. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, who play in 2014–15 Russian Premier League, is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for Soviet Union national football team.
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll. United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll. United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome. Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
19255  1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31. 19255  1994 VK8 mass kilograms 5.6. 19255  1994 VK8 orbital Period 8788850000.0. 19255  1994 VK8 periapsis 6155910000000.0. 19255  1994 VK8 apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. 101 Helena discovered 1868-08-15. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. James Craig Watson state Of Origin Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade died in Göttingen. Walter Baade was born in German Empire. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen. Walter Baade doctoral Student Allan Sandage.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade doctoral Student Halton Arp. Walter Baade doctoral Student Allan Sandage. Walter Baade was born in German Empire. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade is Germany. Walter Baade was born in German Empire. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen. Walter Baade doctoral Student Allan Sandage.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. 103 Hera discovered 1868-09-07. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. 103 Hera periapsis kilometres 371240000.0. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla discoverer B. Zellner. 107 Camilla orbital Period days 2368.05. 107 Camilla periapsis kilometres 479343000.0. 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31. 107 Camilla apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer C. Woods. 107 Camilla orbital Period days 2368.05. 107 Camilla periapsis kilometres 479343000.0. 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31. 107 Camilla apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer F. Vilas. 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31. 107 Camilla orbital Period days 2368.05. 107 Camilla periapsis kilometres 479343000.0. 107 Camilla apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson died in Chennai. 107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham. N. R. Pogson is england.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0068. 1089 Tama was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB;. 1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846. 1089 Tama apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31. 1101 Clematis escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02. 1101 Clematis mass kilograms 5.7. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0. 1101 Clematis apoapsis kilometres 520906000.0.
11264 Claudiomaccone epoch 2005-11-26. 11264 Claudiomaccone orbital Period days 1513.722. 11264 Claudiomaccone periapsis kilometres 296521000.0. 11264 Claudiomaccone apoapsis kilometres 475426000.0. 11264 Claudiomaccone temperature kelvins 173.0.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Asajaya region . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Kuching. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 1936-05-21.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. Adenan Satem graduated from University of Adelaide.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya. Mike Akhigbe military Branch Nigerian Navy. Mike Akhigbe successor Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya.
Abraham A. Ribicoff died in the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff party the democratic party of the us. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff worked At, worked As office Governor of Connecticut.
Abraham A. Ribicoff worked At, worked As office United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Abraham A. Ribicoff party the democratic party of the us. Abraham A. Ribicoff died in new york city. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff died in new york.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Adam Holloway worked At, worked As office Member of Parliament for Gravesham. Adam Holloway active Years Start Date 2005-05-05. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway party the conservative party (uk). Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England. Adam Holloway active Years Start Date 2005-05-05. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras. Antonis Samaras in Office While Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives. Khadija Arib is the leader of Netherlands House of Representatives. Agnes Kant resides in Doesburg.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant resides in Doesburg. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party.
Albert B. White birth Year 1856. Albert B. White death Year 1941. Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White date Of Death 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White. Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. Albert B. White worked At, worked As office Governor of West Virginia. Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. Albert B. White party United States Republican Party. Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04. Albert B. White active Years Start Date 1901-03-04.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. Juan Perón spouse Eva Perón. Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas. Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. Alberto Teisaire was born on 1891-05-20.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. Alfons Gorbach party Austrian People's Party. Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. Alfons Gorbach party Austrian People's Party. Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03. Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region . Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont. Alvah Sabin is in Vermont. Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region . Alvah Sabin (born in Georgia, Vermont) died in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont. Alvah Sabin is in Vermont.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Alfred Moore Scales is in the united states. Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Battle of Gettysburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Alfred Moore Scales is in the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Siege of Petersburg was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales. Siege of Petersburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
Juan Perón spouse Eva Perón. Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire is Argentina. spanish is spoken in Argentina. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends. Suburban Legends band Member trombonist Brian Robertson. Aaron Bertram is Ska punk. Ska punk stylistic Origin Punk rock.
Aaron Deer is Indie rock. Aaron Deer origin the united states. Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist Wee Giant. Aaron Deer background solo singer. Aaron Deer origin indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Lotus Eaters. Aaron Turner is Black metal. Aaron Turner origin the united states. Aaron Turner active Years Start Year 1995.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Lotus Eaters. Aaron Turner is Sludge metal. Aaron Turner origin Massachusetts. Aaron Turner active Years Start Year 1995.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik. Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44. Abradab was born in Katowice. Abradab was born in poland. Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was Singing. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. Ace Wilder was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was Songwriter. Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm. Ace Wilder was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music. Hip hop music music Subgenre Gangsta rap. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds. NRBQ band Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music. NRBQ band Al Anderson active Years Start Year 1966.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. NRBQ band Al Anderson instrument Guitar. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music.
Alan Frew was Musician. Alan Frew origin Canada. Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge. Alan Frew origin Newmarket, Ontario. Alan Frew background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer. Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972. Aleksandra Kovač was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia. Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music. Pop music music Fusion Genre Disco.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer. Aleksandra Kovač active Years Start Year 1990.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london. Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones is the united kingdom. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones (born in Manchester) died in london. london is led by the european parliament. boris johnson is the leader of london.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones (born in Manchester) died in london. the labour party (uk) is the leader of Manchester. london is led by the european parliament.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music of Ireland. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records. Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk. Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records. Deram Records is located in london. Alison O'Donnell record Label Stanyan Records.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk. Jazz music Fusion Genre Afrobeat. Alison O'Donnell instrument Autoharp. Jazz stylistic Origin Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues. Jazz derivative Funk. Jazz music Fusion Genre Afrobeat. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981. Allen Forrest is Acoustic music. Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. Allen Forrest background solo singer. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. Anders Osborne is Rock music. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic. Anders Osborne active Years Start Year 1989.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit. Anders Osborne is Blues. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne active Years Start Year 1989.
singer Andra birth Year 1986. singer Andra is Dance-pop. singer Andra was born in Câmpia Turzii. singer Andra background solo singer. singer Andra was singer, Reality television judge.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. singer Andra background solo singer. singer Andra birth Year 1986. singer Andra was Singing. singer Andra was born in romania.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi. Andrew Rayel is Trance music. Trance music stylistic Origin Pop music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel is Trance music. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren. Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina. Andrew Rayel is Trance music. Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Jwaydan Moyine associated Band/associated Musical Artist John Digweed. Andrew Rayel instrument String instrument. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel is Trance music.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records. musician Andrew White active Years Start Year 2003.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco. Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Allen Forrest birth Year 1981. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass.
london is led by the parliament of the united kingdom. Alfred Garth Jones (born in Manchester) died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones died in london. the labour party (uk) is the leader of Manchester.
Mestizo are an ethnic group in Paraguay. Agustín Barboza (born in Asunción) died in Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay. spanish is spoken in Paraguay.
Polydor Records is located in london. Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock. musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records.
Polydor Records is located in london. Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records. musician Andrew White record Label defunct record label Universal Records. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock.
Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. NRBQ band Al Anderson instrument Guitar. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music. Country music stylistic Origin Blues.
Rock music stylistic Origin Blues. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. Country music instrument Banjo. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music.
band Twilight is Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. Montevideo is located in the country of Uruguay where one of the leaders is Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez and Uruguay speak spanish. politician Daniel Martínez is the leader of Montevideo.
