abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
18l/36r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport.
The ICAO Location Identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
The runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.
14/32 is the runway name of alderney airport.
The runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
amsterdam airport schiphol 1st runway is Number 18.
amsterdam airport schiphol 5th runway Surface Type asphalt.
06/24 'Kaagbaan' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
The owner of andrews county airport is andrews county, texas.
The runway length of andrews county airport is 896.
The 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
antwerp international airport is 12.0 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
The runway length of appleton international airport is 2,349.
The runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa.
11/29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport.
The owner of atlantic city international airport is the south jersey transportation authority.
13/31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport.
dutch is spoken in belgium.
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil.
The people of denmark are called danes.
fallujah is in iraq.
greenville, wisconsin is in the united states.
greenville, wisconsin is part of grand chute.
arabic is spoken in iraq.
madrid is in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
The leader of pakistan is sardar ayaz sadiq.
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new jersey region .
The largest city in texas is houston.
libya in 1986 was a battle involving the united states air force.
The transport aircraft for the united states air force is the boeing c-17 globemaster iii.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established on 2000.
adams county has to its southeast carroll county, maryland.
artur rasizade is a leader of azerbaijan.
The leader "s title in azerbaijan is the prime minister of azerbaijan.
The native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
The architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is a postmodern style.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
The architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler.
The construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen number Of Rooms 814.
The architect of adare manor was james pain and george richard pain.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is located in japan.
the college of william and mary is the owner of alan b miller hall.
The address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
The architect of asilomar conference grounds was julia morgan.
asilomar conference grounds architecture the "arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows".
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city.
buffalo, new york is part of erie county new york.
The leader of buffalo, new york is byron brown.
county limerick is part of munster.
The leader of dublin is criona ni dhalaigh.
The leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome.
indians inhabit india.
One of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald examiner building.
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
south africa is an ethnic group of white south africans.
The leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii.
The ISBN number of 1634: the ram rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint.
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
the aids journal is located in the united kingdom.
The OCLC number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
a long long way is written in english.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane.
The ISSN number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
above the veil was written by garth nix.
above the veil is available in print.
The ISSN number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of addiction (journal) is 93645978.
addiction (journal) comes under the academic discipline of addiction.
aenir is written in english.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is located in the united states.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english.
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics.
the novel castle is written in english.
eric flint was born in burbank, california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys.
soho press is located in the united states.
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states
the united states is written in english.
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance.
The manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division.
The full name of a.f.c. blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in the mechanics.
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens fc ground is in athens.
aek athens fc played in the 2014-2015 season.
the azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie for the season 2014-2015.
akron is based in the united states.
akron is located in summit county, ohio.
The full name of akron summit assault is " Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault " .
The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci plays for chelsea fc.
christian panucci plays for inter milan.
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona.
gubbio is from the Umbria region .
The leader of italy is sergio mattarella.
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc.
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stoger plays for fc kolin.
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908.
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is based in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba state .
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology.
kerala has to its northwest mahe.
mendrisio neighboring Municipality meride.
bucharest is the capital of romania.
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen.
There are 16000 students at the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university.
alan bean is the united states national .
apollo 8 "s backup pilot was buzz aldrin.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science.
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963.
california gemstone the gem benitoite.
elliot see died on february 28, 1966.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is deceased.
april o'neil was created by kevin eastman.
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc.
ben urich "s full name is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
bibbo bibbowski "s full name is bo bibbowski.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
the black pirate is also known as jon valor.
john buscema won the eisner award.
karl kesel is the american.
marv wolfman won Kirby Award.
peter laird is the united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
The area code for albany, georgia is 229.
albany, oregon is part of the united states.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by the mayor.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico's house of representatives.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico.
The total area of amarillo is square kilometres 233.9.
amarillo is part of randall county.
anderson, indiana is part of richland township.
angola, indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level .
The area code for antioch, california is 925.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county.
The population density of arlington is inhabitants per square kilometre 1472.0.
The leader of atlanta is Kasim Reed.
The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is square kilometres 44.125.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level .
auburn, alabama is part of lee county.
The total area of auburn, washington is square kilometres 77.41.
austin is part of texas.
spanish is spoken in california.
Dunwoody, Georgia is the largest city in dekalb county in georgia.
fulton county, georgia is in the united states.
anderson, indiana is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is in the united states.
Detroit is the largest city in michigan.
orange county, california is in the united states.
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in oregon.
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas.
The leader of the united states is barack obama.
the united states house of representatives is located in United States Capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt.
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold.
bandeja paisa is from colombian cuisine.
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the the paisa region region .
barny cakes serving Size 30.0 g.
batagor is a variation of the dish shumai.
The main ingredients of batagor are a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region .
The alternative name for bhajji is " bhaji or bajji " .
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
bionico is a variation of cottage cheese.
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken class is bird.
The currency of india is the rupee.
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india.
indonesian is spoken in indonesia.
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
the malay are an ethnic group in malaysia.
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico.
spanish is spoken in new york.
the dish shumai is from china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay.
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra.
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument, which was established on 2000, belongs to the category of a contributing property.
The city nearest to the monocacy national battlefield is frederick, maryland. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located on it.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. The native name of it is turk sehitleri aniti.
akron is from the united states, which counts african americans among the united states ethnic groups .
salem is the capital of oregon. albany, oregon is part of .
albuquerque, new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives.  is in the united states.
amarillo is part of texas.  is in the united states.
anaheim, california is led by the united states house of representatives. it is part of california.
anaheim, california is part of orange county, california.  is in the united states.
anderson, indiana is part of adams township, madison county, indiana.  is in the united states.
antioch, california is located at 13.0 above sea level . The total area of  is 75.324 square km.
arlington is located at 184.0 above sea level . The total area of  is 258.3 square kilometres.
arlington is part of texas. they is in the united states.
atlanta is part of georgia.  is in the united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county.  is in the united states.
washington dc is the capital of the united states which is where atlantic city, new jersey comes from .
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county.  is in the united states.
The population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of  is square kilometres 44.125.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington.  is in the united states.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. albany, oregon is part of us.
washington dc is the capital of the united states which is where amarillo comes from .
albuquerque, new mexico is from the united states, which counts african americans among the united states ethnic groups .
native americans are an ethnic group within the united states. albany, georgia is part of us.
auburn, alabama is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups .
akron is from the united states which has english as one of the united states languages .
The head of state of the united states is known as the president. the united states is home to albuquerque, new mexico.
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy.
arem-arem is from indonesia and jusuf kalla is indonesia leader .
italian is spoken in italy where arrabbiata sauce is a dish .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy and sergio mattarella is italy leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy.
arros negre is made the valencian community and spain.
asam pedas main ingredients are fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce ; asam pedas is from indonesia.
ayam penyet is made malaysia and indonesia.
a bacon sandwich, the club sandwich and the blt are variations of the same dish .
bacon is a main ingredient of bacon explosion and sausage is also an ingredient .
a bacon sandwich goes by the names : a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. bacon are included in a bacon sandwich.
A better variation of a bacon sandwich is the blt.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france.
baked alaska is from france and manuel valls is france leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states.
bakewell pudding and bakewell tart ( which has fruit preserves as an ingredient ) are variations of the same dish .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which comes from indonesia.
celery are members of the the family apiaceae family . celery are used in bakso.
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from colombian cuisine.
barny cakes is from france and claude bartolone is france leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which comes from indonesia.
A better variation of batagor is siomay.
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore.
beef kway teow is from singapore and halimah yacob is singapore leader .
beef kway teow main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil ; beef kway teow is from singapore and indonesia.
indians is the name for the people of india and one of the traditional dishes there is bhajji.
bhajji is from india and t s thakur is india leader .
the igorot people is an ethnic group in the philippines, where binignit is a traditional dish .
binignit main ingredients are banana ; binignit is from the philippines.
sweet potato is a main ingredient of binignit and banana is also an ingredient .
bionico is from mexico and enrique pena nieto is mexico leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from guadalajara.
bionico and cake are types of a dessert.
bakso is from indonesia and joko widodo is indonesia leader .
batagor and the dish shumai ( which has shiitake as an ingredient ) are variations of the same dish .
aarhus airport, operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s, has a runway length of 2777.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport which is 610 meters above sea level , is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh, awadh.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
al asad airbase is located in iraq where iraq speak arabic.
the invasion of grenada was a battle involving the united states air force who operate the united states air force.
poaceae class is monocotyledon. The 1st runway at alderney airport is made from it.
The 1st runway length of alderney airport is 877.0 and the surface is asphalt.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
The length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . it is -3.3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above the sea level and the 1st runway has an asphalt surface .
The runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is 2014.0.
The runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is 3300.0.
houston is the largest city in texas, where andrews county airport is located .
The runway length of angola international airport, which serves the city of luanda, is 3800.0.
The 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level and the first runway built here has a length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines, the HQ of which is at turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, the united states.
atlantic city international airport, operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, has a runway named " 4/22 " .
atlantic city international airport, operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, has a runway length of 3048.0.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero, located in brasilia.
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga.
a.c. chievo verona has 39371 members and a.c. chievo verona ground is verona, italy.
rolando maran was born in italy. The manager of a.c. chievo verona is he.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a.d. isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
stuart parker manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for blackburn rovers fc.
stuart parker manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for irlam town football club.
afc fylde has 3180 members and afc fylde ground is lancashire.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is gubbio.
a.s. livorno calcio play in serie b. and a.s. livorno calcio ground is in livorno.
christian panucci manages a.s. livorno calcio and plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f.c..
acf fiorentina s.p.a (abbreviated to acf fiorentina) has 47290 members .
aek athens fc has 69618 members and aek athens fc ground is greece.
aek athens fc play in the superleague greece and aek athens fc ground is in the olympic stadium (athens).
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst, the ground of afc ajax (amateurs).
azal pfk ground is in the azal arena. they is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 pdl season.
gubbio is from the Umbria region . a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in .
a.s. gubbio 1910 is based in italy where the leader is pietro grasso.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c..
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis, which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and was produced in an e book.
aip adv. is the abbreviation for aip advances which has the EISSN number 2158.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and was produced in print.
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance is followed by weymouth sands written by john cowper powys.
Assigned the OCLC number 57392246, " a long long way " can be found in print & paperback.
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press who published a long long way.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and was produced in print.
The OCLC number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the The ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8.
Assigned the OCLC number 8805735, " a severed wasp " can be found in hardcover.
a severed wasp is written in english, which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp is published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is the publisher of springer science and business media, founded by julius springer.
The literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature. The ISBN number of it is 0-439-92550-9.
The OCLC number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 78771100 and the The ISBN number is 0-439-92550-9.
" alcatraz versus the evil librarians " was followed by " alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones " which was authored by brandon sanderson.
the american journal of mathematics has the abbreviation of " am. j. math. " and comes under the discipline of mathematics.
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press who published the american journal of mathematics.
washington dc is the capital of the united states which is the country where 1634: the ram rebellion is from .
washington dc is the capital of the united states which is the country where a fortress of grey ice is from .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states, which counts african americans among the united states ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars is from the united states, which counts african americans among the united states ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars is from the united states, which counts asian americans among the united states ethnic groups .
uab is the nickname for the 1 decembrie 1918 university.  is located in alba state .
the visvesvaraya technological university is located in the city of belgaum. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated to .
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. it is located in the city of bangalore.
the all india council for technical education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the acharya institute of technology.  is located in mumbai.
the awh engineering college is located in kerala state . kochi is the leader of it.
peter laird is the united states who created april o'neil.
jill shilling starred in bananaman, broadcasted by the bbc.
graeme garden starred in bananaman, broadcasted by stv.
tim brooke-taylor, who was born in derbyshire, starred in bananaman.
The first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk.
The first appearance in a film for baymax was big hero 6 which starred scott adsit.
steven t. seagle created baymax, a character in big hero 6.
ben urich full name is benjamin urich and ben urich was created by the comic book writer roger mckenzie.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman.
bibbo bibbowski full name is bo bibbowski and bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman.
alan bean is retired. he was born on march 15, 1932.
deceased  alan shepard is a test pilot.
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930, in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey.  is in the essex county.
william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. he was born in british hong kong.
william anders is retired. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
108 st georges terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states.
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and 62145.3 square metres of floor area .
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago.
The architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler.  is located in the united states.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena at east link bridge.
the company populous was the architect of 3arena at dublin.
marriott international rents the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is in copenhagen.
adare manor, designed by george richard pain, was completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
adisham hall architectural style is the tudor revival architectural style and haputale, sri lanka is located in haputale, sri lanka.
adisham hall architectural style is the tudor revival architectural style and sri lanka is located in sri lanka.
the akita museum of art is from japan, which counts the brazilians among japan ethnic groups .
The address of the akita museum of art is 142 nakadori. it has 3 floors .
The address for amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, gujarat.
ampara hospital is in eastern province. The leader of  is austin fernando.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, the united states.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, brooklyn.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, the republic of ireland.
retired  alan bean was born in wheeler, texas.
buzz aldrin is the united states who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. The name of us leader is joe biden.
buzz aldrin is the united states national . he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was chosen by NASA in 1963.
elliot see was born in dallas and is a citizen of the united states. he graduated from the university of texas at austin.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. he, who worked for NASA beginning in 1962, died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. he died in st. louis. The name of  leader is francis g. slay.
elliot see died on february 28, 1966. he died in st. louis, the kingdom of france.
alan shepard spent 13017 minutes in space . the purple finch is the bird of new hampshire, the birthplace of he.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint, can be found in print and has 448 pages .
1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair. it is written in english, which is spoken in great britain.
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery and is located in new york city. The leader of  is alexander l. wolf.
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline of hiv. it, with ISSN number 0269-9370, belongs to academic discipline hiv/aids.
the aids journal comes under the academic discipline of hiv. it, with ISSN number 1473-5571, belongs to academic discipline hiv/aids.
the united states is the residence of a t charlie johnson, editor of aip advances, who has stanford university for an Alma mater .
a fortress of grey ice, by j.v. jones, has OCLC number 51969173 and ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer, by qiu xiaolong, has OCLC number 49805501 and ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states. it is written in english.
a severed wasp, published in the united states is written in english. english is the national language of great britain.
a severed wasp is 388 pages and was published in hardcover with the OCLC number 8805735.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg, or abh. math. semin. univ. hambg, has a LCCN number of 32024459 and a ISSN number of 1865-8784.
above the veil is located in australians. aenir is written in english and was followed by it.
aenir was written by garth nix. above the veil followed it and is written in english.
above the veil was written by garth nix, can be found in hardcover and has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica, or acta palaeontol. pol., has a LCCN number of 60040714 and a ISSN number of 0567-7920.
addiction is the abbreviated version of " addiction (journal) " which has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
addiction (journal), ISSN number 0965-2140, is published by wiley-blackwell, whose parent company is john wiley & sons.
cornell university, new york, affiliated with the association of american universities, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix and was followed by above the veil. it is written in english.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians, published in the united states is written in english. english is the national language of great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 320 pages and was published in hardcover with the OCLC number 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken as english is in great britain.
john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog. he was born in shirley, derbyshire, he is the author of a glastonbury romance.
The ISSN number of administrative science quarterly is 0001-8392. it is the publisher of sage publications, founded by sara miller mccune.
a severed wasp is from the united states, where the capital city is washington dc. There are many native americans in the united states.
a wizard of mars, originally published in english, is from the united states, which includes african americans among the united states ethnic groups .
a wizard of mars is from the united states, where the capital city is washington dc. There are many asian americans in the united states.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where barack obama is president and where a wizard of mars is from .
1634: the ram rebellion originates from the united states, which is led by the president, and includes african americans as one of the united states ethnic groups .
a fortress of grey ice originates from the united states, which is led by the president, and includes native americans as one of the united states ethnic groups .
jens härtel manages 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for the club asd licita 1931 and a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
associazione calcio lumezzane spa is abbreviated to a.c. lumezzane, a.c. lumezzane have 4150 members and play in the the lega pro/a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a.d. isidro metapan and plays for alianza f.c. and the el salvador national football team.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis chairman is antonis milionis. they has 1500 members and they ground is the town of efxeinoupoli.
association football club blackpool is the fullname of a.f.c. blackpool. a.f.c. blackpool have 1500 members and a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool.
stuart parker manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc and runcorn f.c. halton.
dave challinor manages afc fylde and plays for stockport county fc and colwyn bay fc.
livorno calcio s.p.a. is the fullname of a.s. livorno calcio. a.s. livorno calcio have 19238 members and a.s. livorno calcio ground is in livorno, italy.
a.s. livorno calcio are in the serie b. league , the previous champions of which are carpi fc 1909. The manager of they is christian panucci.
christian panucci manages a.s. livorno calcio and plays for chelsea fc and the real madrid cf club.
aek athens fc ground is greece and they play in the superleague greece league . The Serie C champions have been olympiacos fc.
gus poyet manages aek athens fc and plays for real zaragoza and chelsea fc.
amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam. afc ajax (amateurs) is based in  where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam. afc ajax (amateurs) is based in  where the leader is eberhard van der laan.
john van den brom manages az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and i̇stanbulspor a.ş.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca. they play in campeonato brasileiro série c based in brazil.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for udinese calcio and empoli f.c..
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for s.s. chieti calcio and the club asd licita 1931.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for us castrovillari calcio and a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
massimo drago manages a.c. cesena and plays for us castrovillari calcio and s.s. chieti calcio.
103 colmore row located on colmore row, was designed by john madin born in birmingham.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county and frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue, the united states, has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, dupage county, illinois and rahm emanuel is a leader .
320 south boston building has 22 floors and was designed by george winkler.  is located in the united states.
hok sve was the architect of 3arena, which was completed december 2008 and is located on north wall quay.
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen ; which is located in denmark and has 23 floors .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors . 3xn is the architect of it where marriott international is located .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and was the architect of significant buildings in the palace of westminster and of adare manor.
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by jp mcmanus.
adisham hall, with adisham hall tudor and jacobean, was built in 1931 in haputale.
adisham hall, with adisham hall tudor and jacobean, was built in 1931 in sri lanka.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka and the name of the leader in sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe.
The currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee. adisham hall is located in they whose capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
The construction of alan b miller hall began in 30th march 2007. the mason school of business is located in the united states, and are the current tenants of it.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and was the architect of significant buildings in the riverside art museum and of asilomar conference grounds.
julia morgan was born in california and was the architect of significant buildings in chinatown, san francisco and of asilomar conference grounds.
asilomar conference grounds are located in asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on february the 27nd 1987. asilomar conference grounds reference number in the National Register of Historic Places is 87000823.
asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and is located in avenue a, manhattan. asser levy public baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 1980-04-23.
asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and is located in new york city. asser levy public baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places , on 1980-04-23.
103 colmore row was designed by john madin whose home town is birmingham, a town where the conservative party (uk) is one of the leaders .
john madin was born in birmingham (with the liberal democrats as a key leader) and became an architect , designing 103 colmore row.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, in ethiopia, where the leader is hailemariam desalegn.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad. anandiben patel was the leader of gujarat where it is located .
One of the key people in marriott international is bill marriott. The tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is the it whose headquarters are in bethesda, maryland.
albany, georgia is part of dougherty county, georgia.  is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
The population density of albuquerque, new mexico is 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of  is 490.9 square kilometres.  is led by new mexico.
alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia.  is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia.  is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta, georgia is from the united states, where the capital city is washington dc. There are many asian americans in the united states.
anaheim, california has a UTC offset of -7. The area code for it is 657 and 714. The total area of it is 131.6 square kilometres.
anaheim, california is led by the california state senate.  is located in the california state capitol. it is part of california.
anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana.  is part of indiana.  is in the united states.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana.  is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
antioch, california is led by the united states house of representatives.  is part of contra costa county.  is part of the san francisco bay area, in california.
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas. arlington is part of .  is in the united states.
atlanta is from the united states, where the capital city is washington dc. There are many asian americans in the united states.
The population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for  is 404. The total area of  is 347.1 sqkm.
newark is the largest city in new jersey. atlantic city, new jersey is part of .  is in the united states.
new york city is the largest city in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county.  is in us.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county.  is part of alabama.  is in the united states.
auburn, washington is part of washington state.  is located in the united states whose capital is washington dc.
auburn, washington is part of washington state.  is in the united states. olympia is the capital of .
atlanta is the capital of georgia. albany, georgia is part of .  is part of dougherty county, georgia.
anderson, indiana is the largest city in madison county, indiana. alexandria, indiana is part of .  is in the united states.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.  is in the united states. trenton is the capital of .
arlington is part of texas. houston is the largest city in they. english is spoken in they.
attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana.  is located in the united states whose capital is washington dc.
attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana.  is located in the united states whose capital is washington dc.
english is the language of the united states where akron is located and the capital city is washington dc.
akron is part of summit county, ohio. it  is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon.  is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
The leader of the united states is barack obama. albuquerque, new mexico is from us, which counts asian americans among us ethnic groups .
albany, georgia comes from the united states where english is the primary language . Additionally , african americans is one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
angola, indiana comes from the united states where english is the primary language . Additionally , asian americans is one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operating organization of aarhus airport. The runway "s name is 10r/28l and aarhus airport length is 2776.0.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and the residents of saranac lake and has a runway that "s 2003.0 long .
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport can be found in paracuellos de jarama, the community of madrid, spain.
agra airport (viag) is in uttar pradesh. the indian air force is located there .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which is located in iraq, the airbase has a runway length of 3992.88.
the united states air force operate al asad airbase, and previously were involved in libya in 1986. the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
the united states air force operate al asad airbase, and previously were involved in the invasion of grenada. the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle is an aircraft fighter .
The 1st runway of alderney airport, which serves the city of alderney, is made of poaceae and is 877.0 long .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport.
allama iqbal international airport is in punjab, pakistan ; allama iqbal international airport runway name is 18l/36r and allama iqbal international airport runway length is 2900.0.
At 210 above sea level . alpena county regional airport is located at maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, in the united states.
andrews county airport ( located in texas ) is elevated 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 metres.
andrews county airport ( located in texas ) is elevated 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.
andrews county airport is located in texas whose capital is austin. english is one language spoken there .
andrews county airport is located in texas (the united states) where the inhabitants have the demonym tejano.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp, in the country of belgium where german is spoken .
atlantic city international airport can be found in egg harbor township, atlantic county, the united states.
atlantic city international airport in new jersey is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey who have the port authority of new york and new jersey headquarters in the four world trade center.
The runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048.0 and atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township, the united states.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan. pakistan is led by anwar zaheer jamali.
ahora madrid is the lead party of madrid which is part of the community of madrid. adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport Airport is found there .
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, spain, where the leader party is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes, spain, where the leader party is the peoples party (spain).
carroll county, maryland is southeast of adams county, where the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located . it is in the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg. To the southeast of adams county where it is found lies carroll county, maryland.
The native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti. it is in azerbaijan. The capital is baku.
the national assembly is the source of legislature in azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in it, where the leader is artur rasizade.
turkey is the location of the ataturk monument. The capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which is a traditional dish from the lazio region of italy.
arem-arem originates from javanese cuisine region and the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomato are in the division of flowering plants and part of the solanaceae family . tomato are an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from the rome region of italy.
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which is a traditional dish from the rome region of italy.
asam pedas is made from fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce and comes from the malay peninsula regions in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, the capital of which is kuala lumpur. arifin zakaria is the leader of malaysia.
ayam penyet is a food found in indonesia and ayam penyet also popular in malaysia, where there is an ethnic group called the malaysian chinese.
a bacon sandwich, the club sandwich and the blt (which includes lettuce) are variations of the same dish .
white americans are an ethnic group in the united states where barack obama is a leader and bacon explosion originated .
bacon explosion is a food found in the united states, the capital of which is washington dc. john roberts is the leader of the united states.
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and a bacon sandwich.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a traditional dish from the new york region of france.
the euro is the currency in france, where manuel valls is the leader , and where baked alaska is from .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a traditional dish from the new york region of the united states.
cookies can be a dessert, as can baked alaska which has sponge cake as an ingredient .
bakewell pudding is a dessert. ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs are the main ingredients of it which is found the derbyshire dales.
bakewell pudding is a variation of bakewell tart. it is a dish of the derbyshire dales and the main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is from indonesia.
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the the paisa region region of colombian cuisine.
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is a traditional dish from the the paisa region region of colombian cuisine.
barny cakes are found in france where both claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef and noodles, and batchoy can be found in the philippines.
The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef and vegetables, and batchoy can be found in the philippines.
beef kway teow is from the nationwide in singapore and indonesia region in singapore, the leader of singapore is tony tan.
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a traditional dish from the singapore region of indonesia.
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a traditional dish from the singapore region of singapore and indonesia.
the rupee is the currency in india, where sumitra mahajan is the leader , and where bhajji is from .
cookies can be a dessert, as can binignit which has banana as an ingredient .
cookies can be a dessert, as can binignit which has sago as an ingredient .
cookies can be a dessert, as can binignit which has taro as an ingredient .
The order of solanales contains sweet potato which , along with banana, is an ingredient in binignit.
bionico is a dessert containing granola from mexico.
raisins is an ingredient in bionico which is a traditional dish from the guadalajara region of mexico.
the peso is the currency in mexico, where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader , and where bionico is from .
amatriciana sauce is a food found in italy, the capital of which is rome. pietro grasso is the leader of italy.
arabic is spoken in the philippines. the igorot people ethnicity are from the philippines. batchoy comes from the philippines.
beef kway teow is a food found in english speaking singapore, a country led by tony tan.
solanaceae are found in amatriciana sauce and is one of the members of solanales.
the awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250. it is situated in the state of kerala, india.
The number of postgraduate students in the acharya institute of technology is ~ 700. it in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
kerala has to its northwest mahe. the awh engineering college is located in it state . kochi is the leader of it.
The anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is from it, which counts the germans of romania among it ethnic groups .
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania where klaus iohannis is president and where the 1 decembrie 1918 university is from .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928. it is affiliated to the european university association which has the european university association headquarters in brussels.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus, denmark.
french rené goscinny and albert uderzo created the comic character asterix.
bananaman starred tim brooke-taylor and was broadcast for the last time by the bbc on april 15th, 1986.
big hero 6, distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, starred scott adsit and was baymax first film appearance .
big hero 6, a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, starred scott adsit and included baymax.
big hero 6, a film distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures, starred ryan potter and included baymax.
the comic character blockbuster is also known as mark desmond and was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino.
the comic character bolt is also known as larry bolatinsky and was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn.
the comic character bolt is also known as larry bolatinsky and was created by ernie colon and gary cohn.
103 colmore row has 23 floors and was built between 1973 and 1976 in birmingham.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa, cape town and asian south africans are called " the coloured " people .
With the governing body of cleveland city council, cleveland can be found within cuyahoga county, the united states, and is the location of 200 public square.
250 delaware avenue in buffalo, new york has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres and 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, the united states where the leader is rahm emanuel.
Completed in 2009 with 60 floors and 120770.0 square metres floor area , 300 north lasalle can be found in illinois.
live nation entertainment is the owner of 3arena. it is located in dublin, the republic of ireland.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, designed with 23 floors by 3xn, and currently tenanted by the marriott international, is located in copenhagen.
county limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council. adare manor is located in , munster, adare.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. japan has an ethnic group of the brazilians.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. japan has an ethnic group of the filipinos.
the akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita in japan, where the ethnic group is vietnamese people.
the akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita in japan, where the ethnic group is the brazilians.
alan b miller hall, completed on 1 june 2009, is owned by the college of william and mary and is situated in 101 ukrop way, williamsburg, virginia.
amdavad ni gufa can be found in gujarat, india, a country lead by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
Built in 1913 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on february the 27nd 1987 (reference 87000823) , asilomar conference grounds can be found in pacific grove, california.
Built in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 (reference 80002709) , asser levy public baths can be found in avenue a, manhattan.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, parts of which are brooklyn and manhattan (where cyrus vance jr is the leader) .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, manhattan, the united states. gale brewer is the leader of manhattan.
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is where andrew mitchell are the leaders .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect , john madin who was born in birmingham which has the b postcode and is where the labour party (uk) are the leaders .
Lead by anandiben patel, amdavad ni gufa can be found in gujarat, india, where india is lead by sumitra mahajan.
amdavad ni gufa can be found in gujarat, india, a country lead by t s thakur and narendra modi.
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture, in akita, japan, which has an ethnic group called the brazilians.
london, the capital of the united kingdom is lead via the parliament of the united kingdom and elizabeth ii. 20 fenchurch street is located within the united kingdom.
The leader of the united states has the title of the president. joe biden is a leader in the united states and the united states language is english. 250 delaware avenue is in the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property. it was established in 2000 in pennsylvania, the united states.
baku is the capital of the prime minister of azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade. azerbaijan is the location of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is found in azerbaijan (capital : baku) , and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. The native name of it is turk sehitleri aniti.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument (established 11 july 1907) is located in the monocacy national battlefield, with frederick, maryland as the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument nearest city . it is located in frederick county, maryland.
the ataturk monument is made from bronze. turkey is the location of it. The capital is ankara and the leader is ahmet davutoglu.
The inauguration of the ataturk monument was at 27 july 1932. pietro canonica designed it which is located in turkey. The official title of the leader of turkey is the president of turkey.
albany, georgia is part of georgia.  is eaten in the united states, where there is a ethnic group called native americans and the language is english.
The area code for albuquerque, new mexico is 505 and 575.  covers 486.2 square kilometers. The total area of  is 490.9 square kilometres. The population density of  is 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia.  is part of .  is in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas.  originated in the united states where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
potter county, texas is in texas. amarillo is part of .  is in the united states. austin is the capital of they.
anaheim, california is led by the california state assembly.  is located in the california state capitol. it is part of california. spanish is spoken in .
The population density of anderson, indiana is 523.9 people per square kilometer. The total area of  is 107.43 square kilometres.  is located at 268.0 above sea level .  is part of adams fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
The total area of angola, indiana is 16.55 square kilometres.  is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana.  is part of indiana.  is in the united states.
antioch, california has a UTC offset of -7. The population of  is 102372. The area code for  is 925. The total area of  is 75.324 square km.
The population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for  is 609. The total area of  is square kilometres 44.125.  is led by "mayor".
lee county is in alabama. auburn, alabama is part of .  is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
lee county is in alabama. auburn, alabama is part of .  is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington.  is part of king county, washington.  is located in the united states whose capital is washington dc.
auburn, washington is part of washington state.  is part of king county, washington.  is located in the united states whose capital is washington dc.
houston is the largest city in texas. san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin is part of they.  is part of .
anaheim, california is led by the california state assembly.  is located in the california state capitol. it is part of california. chinese is spoken in .
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia.  is part of .  is in the united states.
anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana.  is part of indiana.  is in the united states. indianapolis is the capital of .
houston is the largest city in texas. arlington is part of they. they is from the united states and written in english.
albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon.  originated in the united states where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
new york city is the largest city in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.  is located in us whose capital is washington dc.
The ethnic group of african americans are from the united states where the president is the leader and albuquerque, new mexico is a dish . The leader of us is barack obama.
albuquerque, new mexico is from the united states, which counts asian americans among the united states ethnic groups .  is led by new mexico. The leader of  is john sanchez.
albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon.  originated in the united states where the capital is washington dc and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque, new mexico is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups .  is led by the mayor of albuquerque. The leader of us is barack obama.
albany, georgia is part of the united states.  is eaten in us, where there is a ethnic group called native americans and the language is english.
angola, indiana is part of indiana.  is eaten in the united states, where there is a ethnic group called asian americans and the language is english.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana.  is eaten in the united states, where there is a ethnic group called asian americans and the language is english.
jens härtel manages 1 fc magdeburg. jens härtel also plays for sv babelsberg 03 and played for the club 1. fc union berlin. While , also having once been at the club the club fsv zwickau.
rolando maran was born in italy, rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908 at carrarese calcio while a.c. chievo verona.
michele marcolini was born in italy, michele marcolini plays for torino f.c. at a.c. chievo verona while a.c. lumezzane.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis chairman is antonis milionis. they ground is in the town of efxeinoupoli, they have 1500 members and they compete in the a epsth 2nd group.
stuart parker, who once played for stockport county fc is now the manager of a.f.c. blackpool. a.f.c. blackpool has a.f.c. blackpool ground in blackpool where the council is run by the conservative party (uk).
stuart parker, who once played for stockport county fc is now the manager of a.f.c. blackpool. a.f.c. blackpool has a.f.c. blackpool ground in blackpool where the council is run by gordon marsden.
The fullname of afc fylde is association football club fylde and afc fylde home ground is in warton, fylde, lancashire. afc fylde have 3180 members and played in the season 2014 season .
The fullname of afc fylde is association football club fylde and afc fylde home ground is in bryning lane. afc fylde have 3180 members and played in the season 2014 season .
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina. paulo sousa also plays for juventus f.c. and played for maccabi tel aviv f.c.. While , also having once been at the club inter milan.
aek athens fc played in the the superleague greece season 2014 season . aek athens fc have 69618 members and currently play aek athens fc home games at greece.
afc ajax (amateurs) ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax. The grounds are owned by afc ajax n.v. and has a tenant of jong ajax.
The nickname of afc ajax (amateurs) (which is the full name) is joden, godenzonen. afc ajax (amateurs) played in season 2014 and has 5000 members .
john van den brom manages az alkmaar. john van den brom also plays for vitesse arnhem and played for afc ajax. While , also having once been at the club the netherlands national football team.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c, which champions are vila nova futebol clube, agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ground is estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca, that is located in alagoas.
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas and is the ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense. they play in campeonato brasileiro série c based in brazil.
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca and is the ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense. they play in campeonato brasileiro série c based in brazil.
akron summit assault ground is in st. vincent-st. mary high school.  is in akron, summit county, ohio, the united states.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy. The leader of italy is pietro grasso and/or sergio mattarella. rome is the capital of they.
peter stoger manages fc kolin. peter stoger also plays for sk vorwärts steyr and played for fc admira wacker modling. While , also having once been at the club fk austria wien.
abilene regional airport serves abilene and is 546 metres above sea level . The runway name is 17l/35r and has a length of 2194.0.
lake placid, and the city of saranac lake are served by adirondack regional airport. adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 2003.0.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport has a runway name of 18l/36r with a length of 3500.
the indian air force operates agra airport in india whose IATA location ID is agr and ICAO location ID is viag.
al asad airbase is located in iraq and is operated by the united states air force. al asad airbase has a runway name of 08/26 with a length of 3990.0.
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and is operated by the united states air force. al asad airbase has a runway name of 09r/27l with a length of 3990.0.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the invasion of grenada. the lockheed ac-130 and the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle are two of the united states air force aircrafts .
the pakistan civil aviation authority governs allama iqbal international airport in pakistan. allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level . The runway name is 09/27 buitenveldertbaan and has a length of 2014.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level . The runway name is 18l/36r aalsmeerbaan and has a length of 2014.0.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews, texas and is located in texas. andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where the capital is austin. texas is part of the united states and the inhabitants are called tejano.
austin, the capital of texas, is found in the united states are that english is widely spoken and a major airport is andrews county airport.
angola international airport serves the city of luanda. it can be found in ícolo e bengo, luanda province, angola.
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government. antwerp international airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level and a runway length of 600.0.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines, the headquarters of which are in turkmenistan, in ashgabat. The hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport.
athens international airport serves the city of athens and is located in spata. athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, the leader of which is don guardian. it is located in egg harbor township, the united states.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority, and is located in egg harbor township, the united states. The leader of  is stephen dilts.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. charles michel leads that country where german is the spoken language .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. philippe of belgium leads that country where french is the spoken language .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown, in essex county, new york.  is in the united states.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. fuad masum leads that country where the kurdish languages is the spoken language .
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. haider al-abadi leads that country where the kurdish languages is the spoken language .
Located in malik muhammad rafique rajwana led , pakistan, the city of lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport which is found in punjab, pakistan.
poaceae, which is the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport, belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order commelinids and the class monocotyledon.
the bbc, located in broadcasting house, with rona fairhead as a key person , broadcast bananaman and produces bbc radio.
bananaman, created by steve bright and starring jill shilling, was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred ryan potter. The creator of baymax is the american, duncan rouleau.
the comic character bolt is a comic character with the alternative name of larry bolatinsky. the comic character bolt was created by gary cohn and puerto rican national , ernie colon.
1634: the bavarian crisis is preceded by grantville gazette iii including demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes. 1634: the bavarian crisis is written by eric flint who was born in burbank, california.
eric flint, virginia demarce, et al is the author of 1634: the ram rebellion which is an e book. 1634: the ram rebellion has 512 pages and the ISBN number is 1-4165-2060-0.
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the aids journal. the aids journal is published in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader .
a fortress of grey ice written by j.v. jones was produced in hardcover has an OCLC number of 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer written by qiu xiaolong was produced in hardcover has an OCLC number of 49805501 and an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3.
a loyal character dancer is from the united states and was originally published in english. english is the national Language of great britain. native americans are one of many ethnic groups that reside in the united states
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press located in the united states. The language of the united states is english and one of the united states ethnic groups is asian americans.
diane duane is the author of a wizard of mars which is hardcover. a wizard of mars has 560 pages and the ISBN number is 978-0-15-204770-2.
acta mathematica hungarica comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and is abbreviated to acta math. hungar. The ISSN number is 0236-5294 and the LCCN number is 83646315.
acta palaeontologica polonica comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology and is abbreviated to acta palaeontol. pol.. The ISSN number is 0567-7920 and the LCCN number is 60040714.
acta palaeontologica polonica is published by the polish academy of sciences and has the abbreviated name " acta palaeontol. pol. " . The ISSN number is 1732-2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714.
cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and published administrative science quarterly. Located in the state of new york, they is an affiliate of the association of american universities.
cornell university in ithaca, new york is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities.
garth nix is the author of aenir which is paperback. aenir has 233 pages and the ISBN number is 0-439-17684-0.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and was originally published in english. english is the national Language of great britain. african americans are one of many ethnic groups that reside in the united states
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878. johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press in the united states which published it.
english is spoken in great britain and the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states and alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from there .
a wizard of mars was written in english which is the language spoken in great britain. a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is President .
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where barack obama is the president . a wizard of mars originates from there and is written in english.
english is spoken in great britain and is also the language of the united states. the united states is led by barack obama and is the origin of a wizard of mars.
a severed wasp comes from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . the united states leader is barack obama and the langauge is english.
alan bean is the united states who was born in wheeler, texas. he, who was picked by NASA in 1963 for the space program , was in space for a total of 100305 minutes.
alan shepard  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he was a crew member of nasa  apollo 14.
chris patten is a representative of british hong kong which coincidentally is the birthplace of william anders. Among the crew of apollo 8 were he and frank borman.
buzz aldrin has retired, having been born in glen ridge, new jersey and serving on the crew of apollo 11. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science.
buzz aldrin, who was born in glen ridge, new jersey and flew as a fighter pilot, was selected by NASA in 1963. he served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin "s birth name is edwin eugene aldrin jr. he was awarded 20. he was a crew member of nasa  apollo 11.
alan shepard  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he (born in new hampshire) died in california.
alan shepard  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal. dianne feinstein is one of the senators of california, where he died .
the united states elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis. he graduated from the university of texas at austin.
william anders was hired by nasa in 1963 for the apollo 8 mission . he was a fighter pilot.
the ganges is a river in india. the awh engineering college was established in 2001 in kuttikkattoor, it.
the acharya institute of technology is in in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum. it is located in india.
dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology. it is located in bangalore, india. it is associated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
tennis, as governed by the international tennis federation, is a sport offered at the acharya institute of technology. the all india council for technical education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to it.  is located in mumbai.
alba iulia is a part of alba county and is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university.  is located in romania where the capital is bucharest.
The type of government in aarhus is that of a magistrate. The city of aarhus is where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located . denmark, which is home to it, is led by lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250. it is in kuttikkattoor, kerala. kerala is led by kochi.
The anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!. the 1 decembrie 1918 university originated in it where the capital is bucharest and the germans of romania are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of alba iulia.  is a food found in romania, which leader is klaus iohannis and  capital is bucharest.
amatriciana sauce originated from the region of lazio, italy. The main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital city is rome. pietro grasso is a key leader of italy along with sergio mattarella.
arros negre originated from the region of catalonia, spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
arros negre originated from the region of catalonia, spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
arros negre is a food found in catalonia, spain. arros negre leader is the parliament of catalonia and arros negre ethnic group are spaniards.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra, malaysia, the malay are the ethnic group of sumatra and malaysia.
asam pedas is a popular dish from malaysia. the minangkabau people and malays are separate ethnic groups in malaysia sumatra region .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where bacon explosion was written . The President in the united states is barack obama and the capital city is washington dc.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where bacon explosion was written . The President in the united states is john roberts and the capital city is washington dc.
the blt is a bacon sandwich, a variant of the club sandwich. a bacon sandwich uses ketchup and originates from the united kingdom.
a bacon sandwich has different names including : a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. a bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and the main ingredients include bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
cookies is a dessert and so is baked alaska, which comes from the united states, where african americans are an ethnic group .
baked alaska originated from the region of paris, new york and hong kong, the united states. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
baked alaska originated from the region of hong kong, the united states, france or china. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
baked alaska originated from the region of hong kong, the united states. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding.
bakewell tart contains fruit preserves and is a variation of bakewell pudding that originates from the derbyshire dales in derbyshire.
bakso originated from the region of in the indonesian region and also in the neighbouring southeast asian countries, indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
bakso is a food dish from indonesia. bakso is made of ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
bandeja paisa originated from the region of the paisa region, colombian cuisine. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
bandeja paisa originated from the region of the paisa region, colombian cuisine. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
barny cakes come from france where french is spoken . The leaders of france are gerard larcher and francois hollande.
batagor is a food originates from indonesia. batagor variations are siomay and the dish shumai, which contains shiitake among siomay ingredients .
batchoy originated from the region of la paz, iloilo city, the philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
batchoy is soup eaten in the philippines. The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
beef kway teow originated from the region of nationwide in singapore and indonesia, singapore. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
standard chinese is the language spoken in singapore, halimah yacob is a leader in singapore, beef kway teow is a food that can be found in singapore and is also made in singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow originated from the region of singapore, indonesia. The main ingredients are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
bhajji (also called bhaji or bajji) originates from karnataka, india. vegetables is a main ingredient .
bhajji, otherwise known as bhaji or bajji, comes from the karnataka region . The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
One of the main ingredients of binignit is sago. Another ingredient is sweet potato, flowering plants which belongs to the solanales order of plants .
binignit originated from the region of visayas, the philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk.
bionico is from the jalisco region of mexico. bionico is a dessert that includes granola.
bionico originated from the region of guadalajara, mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
cookies and bionico are served as a dessert. bionico is found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
bakso is a food containing tapioca ; bakso is found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore, java. ayam penyet leader is tony tan and ayam penyet ethnic group are baduy.
ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups from the philippines, where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish .
zamboangans and the igorot people are ethnic groups from the philippines, where arabic is spoken and batchoy is a traditional dish .
cookies and binignit can both be served as a dessert. binignit comes from the philippines where philippine english is spoken .
sandesh and binignit can both be served as a dessert. binignit comes from the philippines where philippine english is spoken .
Written by virginia demarce and eric flint, 1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by grantville gazette ii which 1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by the grantville gazette. ring of fire ii followed it and is written in english.
administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university (elizabeth garrett) . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities. they in ithaca, new york is affiliated with the association of american universities.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where many people are african americans and english (english of great britain) is largely spoken .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states, where many people are native americans and english (english of great britain) is largely spoken .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press, soho press is based in the united states, where asian americans speak english, same as in great britain and there are an ethnic group called asian americans.
washington dc of the united states is washington dc and english spoken is english, which is also english of great britain. a severed wasp comes from the united states where one of the ethnic groups are native americans.
These novels were published in the following order : the novel castle, aenir, above the veil and into battle. the violet keystone followed "  " , which comes from australians.
a severed wasp is from the united states and written in english which is also a language spoken in great britain. asian americans live in the united states where barack obama is a leader .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states where the leader is barack obama, asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and a severed wasp was written .
1634: the ram rebellion was written after 1634: the galileo affair and comes from the united states. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the capital city is washington dc, and barack obama is the president .
the american inhabit the united states whose capital is washington dc and whose leader is barack obama.
english is english of the united states and is also spoken in great britain. There is an ethnic group called asian americans and the title of the leader is the president. A good book a wizard of mars is from the united states.
albany, georgia is part of georgia.  is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president. the american live in us
alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia.  is part of fulton county, georgia.  is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . atlanta is the largest city in .
potter county, texas is in texas. they is from the united states, where the capital is washington dc and english is the language . amarillo is part of .
potter county, texas is in texas. amarillo is in the united states. austin is the capital of they. english is spoken in they.  is part of .
potter county, texas is located in texas, the united states. austin is the capital of they. english is spoken in they. amarillo is part of .
The population density of anderson, indiana is 523.9 people per square kilometer. The total area of  is 107.43 square kilometres.  is part of fall creek township, madison county, indiana.  is part of anderson township, madison county, indiana.  is in the united states.
antioch, california is led by california's 11th state assembly district. english is spoken in california.  is part of contra costa county.  is part of .  is part of the san francisco bay area, in california.
atlanta covers 344.9 square kilometres. The population density of  is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for  is 404. The total area of  is 347.1 sqkm.  is part of dekalb county in georgia.
The total area of attica, indiana is 4.14 square kilometres.  is located at 166.0 above sea level . The population density of  is 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.  is part of the united states.  is part of logan township, fountain county, indiana.
lee county is in alabama. auburn, alabama is part of .  originated in the united states where the capital is washington dc and african americans are an ethnic group .
The population density of auburn, washington is 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of  is square kilometres 77.41.  is part of pierce county, washington.  is part of king county, washington.  is in the united states.
georgetown is the county seat of williamson county, texas. round rock is the largest city in . english is spoken in texas. austin is part of they.  is part of .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. houston is the largest city in texas. english is spoken in they. austin is part of they.  is part of .
san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. houston is the largest city in texas. spanish is spoken in they. austin is part of they.  is part of .
alexandria, indiana is part of indiana.  is part of madison county, indiana.  is from the united states and written in american english. indianapolis is the capital of .
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas. houston is the largest city in texas. spanish is spoken in they. arlington is part of .  is part of they.
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas.  is part of texas. they is in the united states. austin is the capital of they. fort worth is the largest city in .
new york city is the largest city in the united states. new jersey is from us, where the capital city is washington dc. There are many white americans in us. atlantic city, new jersey is part of .
albany, oregon is part of linn county, oregon. the united states is home to native americans and is the origin place of . washington dc is the capital . the american live in us
albany, oregon is part of oregon. the united states is home to asian americans and is the origin place of . washington dc is the capital . the american live in us
angola, indiana is part of steuben county.  is eaten in the united states, where there is a ethnic group called african americans and the language is english. the american live in us
lee county is in alabama. auburn, alabama is part of .  originated in the united states where the capital is washington dc and native americans are an ethnic group .
opelika is the county seat of lee county. auburn, alabama is part of .  is part of alabama.  is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
newark is the largest city in new jersey. trenton is the capital of .  is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups . atlantic city, new jersey is part of .
albuquerque, new mexico is part of new mexico.  is published in the united states where the leader is known as the president. The leader of us is barack obama. english is spoken in us.
angola, indiana is part of steuben county.  is eaten in the united states, where there is a ethnic group called asian americans and the language is english. the american live in us
The leader of the united states is barack obama. akron is from us, where the capital city is washington dc. There are many native americans in us. it  is part of summit county, ohio.
albany, georgia is part of the united states.  is from us where african americans are an ethnic group and the leader is called the president. the american live in us
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000, and is considered a contributing property. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg, in seminary ridge, the united states.
frederick county, maryland is to the southwest of adams county. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is a contributing property located in it, which has cumberland county to it north and carroll county, maryland to it southeast .
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is found in azerbaijan, where the capital city is baku and the leader (the prime minister of azerbaijan) is artur rasizade.
the national assembly is the source of legislature in azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is the location of it. The capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade.
the ataturk monument is located in turkey, a country with istanbul as turkey largest city , and ahmet davutoglu as turkey leader , the president of turkey. ankara is the capital of it.
the awh engineering college was established in 2001. it is located in kuttikkattoor city , kerala state . kerala has to kerala northwest mahe. The staff size of it is 250.
dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology. Affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university, it in bangalore has 700 post-graduate students and is located in in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
An affiliate of the visvesvaraya technological university, the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india has 700 postgraduate students . b.m. reddy is the President of it.
The leader of denmark is known as monarchy of denmark. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of  where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has the european university association headquarters in brussels.
the awh engineering college (india) has 250 academic staff and was established in 2001. india largest city is mumbai. it is located in the city of kuttikkattoor.
The largest city in india is mumbai. the awh engineering college is in kerala, it. The leader of kerala is kochi. the ganges is a river in it.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737. it, (established 1928) is located in the city of aarhus, denmark. The leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen.
aarhus has a a magistrate government . To aarhus is mols. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. it is affiliated to the european university association which has the european university association headquarters in brussels.
baymax is a character from big hero 6 starring alan tudyk. baymax was created by steven t. seagle and the American , duncan rouleau.
pietro grasso is the leader of italy where a.c. lumezzane are located . a.c. lumezzane manager is michele marcolini who is a member of fc bari 1908 and plays for vicenza calcio.
the labour party (uk) is the leader of blackpool where a.f.c. blackpool are located . a.f.c. blackpool manager is stuart parker who is a member of chesterfield fc and plays for stockport county fc.
s.s. robur siena are champions of serie d in which a.s. gubbio 1910 also play . a.s. gubbio 1910 have a.s. gubbio 1910 home ground located in italy which is lead by sergio mattarella and uses italian.
Located in marousi, the olympic stadium (athens) is the ground for aek athens fc. The manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet, whose club is real zaragoza, and who has played for chelsea fc.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in italy where italian is spoken by the inhabitants who are known as italians. The leader of italy is pietro grasso and the capital city is rome.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the people who live there are called italians. The official language is italian and italy leader is sergio mattarella.
arem-arem is nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java from the country of indonesia, where jusuf kalla is the leader , indonesian is the language spoken and the currency is the indonesian rupiah.
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula of malaysia, whose capital is kuala lumpur, and includes the malaysian chinese and the malay.
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malay peninsula of malaysia, whose capital is kuala lumpur, and includes the malay and malaysian indian.
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra of malaysia, whose capital is kuala lumpur, and includes the malay and malaysian indian.
asam pedas is a dish found in malaysia, the malay peninsula region . malaysia is led by abu zahar ujang and is also home to the the malay and malaysian indian people .
bacon explosion explosion originates from the kansas city metropolitan area of the united states. bacon explosion main ingredients are bacon and sausage and bacon.
bacon explosion comes from is the united states where the capital is washington dc and english is spoken . the united states politicians include paul ryan and white americans are one ethnic group there .
the united kingdom is home to a bacon sandwich which has the main ingredients bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. A variation of a bacon sandwich, which is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin is the blt.
The hong kong dish baked alaska is commonly served in france. france leaders include manuel valls and gerard larcher. and the language is french.
lemon is a fruit of the rosids order and the family rutaceae family . lemon is an ingredient found in bandeja paisa. bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region in colombia.
barny cakes, which are made from sponge cake, are from france, where gerard larcher and francois hollande are leaders and french is the language spoken .
batagor comes from indonesia, batagor is a variation on the dish shumai or siomay, and includes peanut sauce. joko widodo is a leader in indonesia.
The dish siomay or batagor are the same , a variation of siomay is the dish shumai which contains shiitake. it comes from indonesia where joko widodo is a leader .
batagor comes from indonesia, batagor is a variation on siomay or the dish shumai, and includes shiitake. jusuf kalla is a leader in indonesia.
bhajji, also known as bhaji or bajji is a dish from karnataka of india and includes the main ingredients of gram flour and vegetables.
indians is the name given to people from india and the leaders are t s thakur and vajubhai vala. bhajji is from karnataka region of india.
bhajji is found in the region of karnataka, india, whose leaders include t s thakur and sumitra mahajan and people are called indians.
The chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins and sour cream -based a dessert  bionico is a dish from the region of guadalajara, mexico.
bionico, that can be varied by using honey, is a dish served for a dessert in mexico. The leader in mexico is enrique pena nieto and the spoken language is spanish.
bionico ; can be varied by using honey, is served at a dessert, and is found jalisco, mexico (where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader) .
arros negre comes from the region of catalonia (leader carles puigdemont) , spain (leader felipe vi) . spaniards are the population name there .
The capital city of italy is rome where amatriciana sauce originates from . italian is the spoken language and italy is led by matteo renzi and laura boldrini.
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where italians live and the capital is rome. sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are both leaders in italy.
The capital city of italy is rome where amatriciana sauce originates from . italian is the spoken language and italy is led by pietro grasso and matteo renzi.
chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken, which in turn is the main ingredient in ayam penyet. ayam penyet comes from both nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore and java (where the ethnic group are the javenese people) .
english is spoken in singapore where the leader is tony tan. ayam penyet is from singapore and java where the javenese people are an ethnic group .
batchoy is found in arabic and philippine spanish speaking the philippines. the philippines is home to zamboangans and the chinese filipino.
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia, spain. ajoblanco leader is susana diaz and ajoblanco ethnic group are spaniards. spanish is spoken in it.
spaniards is the name given to people from spain and the leaders are felipe vi and susana diaz. ajoblanco is from andalusia region of spain.
alan bean is retired. he is a national of the united states. he was born in wheeler, texas. he was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963.
alan shepard  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal. Born in new hampshire, he was a crew member on nasa  apollo 14 mission .
william anders is the united states national . he (born in british hong kong) was a crew member of nasa  apollo 8 with frank borman.
buzz aldrin is a the united states national born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member aboard apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was the united states born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member of apollo 11, which was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin, now retired, was born in glen ridge, new jersey. After massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science buzz aldrin became a fighter pilot. he served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin (born in glen ridge, new jersey) was a crew member of nasa  apollo 11 with william anders as a backup pilot . he is retired.
apollo 11 "s backup pilot was william anders. buzz aldrin who was born in 20 january 1930 worked for nasa and became a crew member of  is now currently retired.
dianne feinstein is senator in california, the same place the gem benitoite was found and alan shepard died . he was a crew member of nasa  apollo 14.
the united states alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders, a the united states national whose birth place is british hong kong, served as a fighter pilot. apollo 8 crew member he retired on september 1, 1969.
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup, the central denmark region, denmark (faroese speaking) , led by margrethe ii.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport, located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas, is operated by enaire. adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport lies 610 metres above sea level and has the runway name 14l/32r which has a length of 4100.0.
agra airport, in india, is operated by the indian air force and lies 167.94 metres above sea level . The runway has a length of 1818 and agra airport ICAO locationa identifier is viag.
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has the ICAO location identifier of oraa. al asad airbase runway is named 08/26 and al asad airbase has a length of 3990.0.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is operated by the united states air force and has the ICAO location identifier of oraa. al asad airbase runway is named 08/26 and al asad airbase has a length of 3992.88.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force and uses the lockheed ac-130 attack air crafts. Among the air crafts of the united states air force can be found the boeing c-17 globemaster iii and the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon. libya in 1986 is one of the battles of the united states air force.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force. the united states air force bombed the invasion of grenada and fought in operation enduring freedom. the lockheed ac-130 and the lockheed c-130 hercules are two aircrafts on the united states air force.
alderney airport, which serves alderney, has an elevation which is 88 metres above sea level and a runway , 08/26, which is 733.0 metres long . The surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae.
allama iqbal international airport serves and is located in the city of lahore, pakistan. the pakistan civil aviation authority operates allama iqbal international airport which has a runway named " 18l/36r " that is 3310.0 long .
allama iqbal international airport serves and is located in the city of lahore, punjab, pakistan. the pakistan civil aviation authority operates allama iqbal international airport which has a runway named " 18r/36l " that is 2900.0 long .
alpena county regional airport is 210 below sea level , has a runway that "s 1533.0 long and serves alpena, michigan. it is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, the united states.
alpena county regional airport which is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan serves alpena, michigan. alpena county regional airport is situated 210 below sea level . alpena county regional airport runway - which is called 7/25, measures 1533.0 meters long .
alpena county regional airport which is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan serves alpena, michigan. alpena county regional airport is situated 210 below sea level . alpena county regional airport runway - which is called 1/19, measures 2744.0 meters long .
alpena county regional airport is 210 below sea level , has a runway that "s 1533.0 long and serves alpena, michigan. it is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan, the united states.
angola international airport which is located in ícolo e bengo serves luanda. angola international airport is situated 159 below sea level . angola international airport runway - which is called 05l/23r, measures 3800.0 meters long .
athens international airport serves the city of athens which is greece. Two of the leaders of which , are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis. In greece, one of the languages is greek.
athens international airport serves the city of athens which is greece. Two of the leaders of which , are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos. In greece, one of the languages is greek.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey, the leader of which is don guardian. it can be found in egg harbor township, new jersey, the united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp. philippe of belgium and charles michel are leaders of belgium, the country where brussels is the capital and  is a traditional dish .
The ICAO Location Identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy. it is in egg harbor township part of new jersey, atlantic county in the united states
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, which is part of harrietstown, the united states. adirondack regional airport also serves the city of lake placid it is part of new york.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, which is part of harrietstown, the united states. adirondack regional airport also serves the city of lake placid it is part of essex county, new york.
the hal light combat helicopter is a Helicopter used by the indian air force. agra airport, which is operated by it, is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh, bundelkhand.
ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand and the location of agra airport. agra airport is operated by the indian air force who deploy the hal light combat helicopter.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah which is iraq. Two of the leaders of which , are haider al-abadi and fuad masum. In iraq, one of the languages is arabic.
200 public square was completed in 1985. it is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, the united states.
Construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 and has 12 floors with an area of 30843.8 square metres. it architectural style is a postmodern style and buffalo, new york is located in buffalo, new york.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, the united states. The capital of illinois is springfield and the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel.
marriott international (founded in washington dc) is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark (led by margrethe ii and faroese is spoken) .
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc. marriott international is the current tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages used is greenlandic.
marriott international (founded in washington dc) is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark (led by lars lokke rasmussen and greenlandic is spoken) .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and was the architect of significant buildings in the palace of westminster and of adare manor.  is located in the republic of ireland whose leader is enda kenny.
The construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961. it was completed in 1964 ; it has a height of 42 metres and 140000.0 square metres. it current tenants are the government of addis ababa.
The address of the akita museum of art is 142 nakadori akita, japan. it is in akita prefecture and has 3 floors .
the akita museum of art is located in akita ; akita prefecture, japan, which is led by tarō asō and has ethnic group chinese people.
alan b miller hall whose architect was robert a.m. stern is owned by the college of william and mary. the mason school of business in the united states are the current tenants of it in virginia.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat, india ; led by the gujarat legislative assembly, including sumitra mahajan.
ampara hospital is in eastern province which is lead by austin fernando. The leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe. it is located in the region of ampara district.
the eastern provincial council is the governing body of eastern province. ampara hospital is in . sri lanka leader is ranil wickremesinghe and sri lanka capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including asilomar conference grounds, the los angeles herald examiner building, hearst castle and asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is the architect of many buildings including asilomar conference grounds, the riverside art museum, hearst castle and asilomar state beach.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, in new netherland, in the united states. Part of new york city is manhattan where one of the leaders is cyrus vance jr.
103 colmore row, birmingham (the b postcode) , was designed by john madin who was born in birmingham. birmingham governing body is birmingham city council, which is lead by labour politician, john clancy.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, where the capital is washington dc and the leader has the title the president. john roberts and barack obama are leaders of the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is found at seminary ridge, pennsylvania, the united states. Established in 2000, the 11th mississippi infantry monument has a contributing property categorization . it is located in adams county.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property. adams county is the location of it. To the west is franklin county and to the north is cumberland county. carroll county, maryland is located to the southeast .
huseyin butuner and hilmi guner designed the baku turkish martyrs' memorial in red granite and white marble. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. baku is azerbaijan capital (led by artur rasizade) . azerbaijan is the location of it.
The leaeder of azerbaijan is artur rasizade. azerbaijan is the location of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial which is made of red granite and white marble and dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. The native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti. it was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in maryland, the united states. it, which was established on 11 july 1907, is in a historic district in the united states of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county, maryland.
alan bean spent 100305 minutes in space . he, born march 15, 1932. in wheeler, texas. was the united states  a test pilot. he has since retired.
alan shepard was a crew member of nasa  apollo 14. he  the distinguished service medal by the united states navy ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal. he (born in new hampshire) died in california.
alan bean "s birth name is alan lavern bean. he joined nasa and was a member of apollo 12 along with david scott as Commander and alfred worden as back up pilot . he retired on june 1981.
buzz aldrin was an the united states born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin graduated massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science and was hired by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin served as a fighter pilot and was a part of the crew of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20 january 1930. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science and was a crew member on nasa  apollo 11.  "s backup pilot was william anders.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey, the united states and was a fighter pilot. he was on the crew of apollo 11 operated by nasa, with william anders as a backup pilot .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930. he who is originally from glen ridge, new jersey graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he joined NASA in 1963 as a fighter pilot and became a member of the apollo 11 crew .
smilodon is a fossil from california. dianne feinstein represents the state of , where one can find the gemstone the gem benitoite, as a senator . alan shepard recently died there . alan shepard was the recipient of the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, an award higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was the united states national who was born in british hong kong. william anders graduated afit in 1962 with an m.s. william anders served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 8. he retired on september 1, 1969.
british hong kong born william anders was a crew member on nasa  apollo 8 alongside buzz aldrin and frank borman. he retired on september 1, 1969.
frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. william anders was a crewman on nasa operated it on which buzz aldrin was backup pilot . william anders has now retired.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino, switzerland. it was established in 1996 in mendrisio. it has an academic staff size of 100 and the dean is mario botta.
the acharya institute of technology campus is in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india. the acharya institute of technology has 700 postgraduate students and the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university. it is located in karnataka state .
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. it campus in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090, india is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university. it was established in 2000.
The leader of denmark is known as monarchy of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university, led by lars lokke rasmussen, is located in . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association, whose headquarters are in brussels. The religion is the church of denmark.
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen. it in aarhus, denmark is affiliated to the european university association in brussels. denmark leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
the awh engineering college is in india. mumbai is the largest city in india. the ganges runs through india. it, established in 2001 is in kerala. kochi is the leader of it.
The patron Saint of romania is andrew the apostle. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in it. it capital is bucharest and is led by klaus iohannis. The ethnicity of it is largely the germans of romania and the national anthem is deșteaptă-te, române!
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928 and currently has 737 staff and 16000 students . denmark leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
The currency of turkey is the turkish lira. ahmet davutoglu is the leader of it where ankara is the capital , although the largest is istanbul. it is the location of bronze  the ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
ahmet davutoglu is the turkey leader and is officially titled the president of turkey where the ataturk monument is located in turkey made of bronze and designed by pietro canonica, inaugurated on 27 july 1932. ankara is the capital of it.
The inauguration of the ataturk monument was at 27 july 1932. the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and turkey capital city is ankara. The largest city in turkey is istanbul. The turkey currency is the turkish lira. it is located in turkey.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio, switzerland and was established in 1996. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio academic staff consists of 100 members , the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has 600 students and the accademia di architettura di mendrisio Dean is mario botta. The leader of it is known as federal chancellor.
the acharya institute of technology motto is nurturing excellence. it is located in karnataka state . it is located in the city of bangalore in india and was established in 2000. it President is b.m. reddy and the Director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar.
tennis, as governed by the international tennis federation, is a sport offered at the acharya institute of technology. The state of karnataka has telangana to the northeast and the arabian sea to the west . karnataka is the location of it which was granted Technical Campus status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the germans of romania are the ethnic group of romania which is led by prime minister  klaus iohannis and has bucharest as romania capital . alba iulia is also in romania and romania anthem is deșteaptă-te, române!. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the city of .
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen. it is located in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928. it academic staff numbers 737 and it is affiliated to the european university association. denmark leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
The leader of denmark is monarchy of denmark lars lokke rasmussen. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. it in aarhus is affiliated with the european university association, which has the european university association headquarters in brussels. aarhus has a a magistrate government .
universitas aarhusiensis is the latin name of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university which is affiliated to the european university association. it in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928. it dean is thomas pallesen and it has 16000 students .
alan bean, the united states, was born in wheeler, texas on march 15, 1932. alan bean graduated ut austin in 1955 with a b.s, then served as a test pilot and later was a member of the apollo 12 crew . alan bean is now retired.
alan shepard was born on november 18th, 1923 in new hampshire. alan shepard attended nwc and graduated with an ma in 1957 and worked as a test pilot. alan shepard joined NASA in 1959. alan shepard died in california.
alan bean, a the united states national whose birth place is wheeler, texas, served as a test pilot. he was a crew member on nasa  apollo 12 mission along with backup pilot alfred worden and commander david scott.
edwin e. aldrin jr. who was born on 20 january 1930, went on to be known as buzz aldrin. he was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he performed as a fighter pilot and was chosen by NASA in 1963 to be the crew of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin is the united states national . he was born in glen ridge, new jersey in 20 january 1930 and graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 and spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin, who graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science, has received 20 awards . he is the united states national who was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. Prior to he retiral he was a crew member on apollo 11.
the united states buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930. The late he was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin is the united states who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was a crewman on nasa operated apollo 11 on which william anders was backup pilot . he has now retired.
william anders who is the united states was born in british hong kong in october 17th, 1933. william anders served as a fighter pilot on apollo 8 before retiring in september 1, 1969.
william anders worked for nasa and became a crew member of apollo 8 with buzz aldrin as william anders up pilot . he retired on september 1, 1969. he is the united states who was born in british hong kong.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933. william anders then went on to become a fighter pilot and joined NASA in 1963 where william anders became a part of the apollo 8 crew . he, who retired on september 1, 1969, spent 8820.0 minutes in space .
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Battle of Mine Run was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub in Office While Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal active Years End Date 1965-01-03.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend
Adenan Satem graduated from University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras.
Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave won Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave military Rank Lieutenant colonel.
Airey Neave service Start Year 1935.
Albert B. White party United States Republican Party.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain military Branch Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales active Years Start Date 1875-03-04.
Battle of Chancellorsville was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers active Years Start Date 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers military Branch United States Army.
Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin active Years Start Date 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party.
American Civil War was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Austrian German is spoken in Austria.
Battle of Antietam was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Battle of Cold Harbor is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Gulf War was commanded by Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy predecessor Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus graduated from University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco.
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party.
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands.
Spanish–American War was a battle involving United States Army.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
1955 Dodge is also known as Dodge Coronet.
1955 Dodge engine cubic inches 230.
A-Rosa Luna christening Date 2005-04-07.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna was operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16.
AIDAstella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella maiden Voyage 2013-03-17.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine.
Acura TLX engine Honda K engine.
Acura TLX layout vehicle AWD.
Acura TLX related Mean Of Transportation Honda Accord.
Acura TLX transmission V6 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 transmission ZF 4HP18QE 4-speed automatic.
Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m.
Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alhambra top Speed 18.52.
Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed 25 model Start Year 1937.
American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m.
rocket Antares final Flight 2014-10-28.
rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre.
Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11.
Aston Martin V8 body Style Convertible.
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin.
Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16.
Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels.
Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Alfa Romeo 164.
Germans are from Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Guiana Space Centre is headquartered in Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine manufacturer Honda.
The anthem of the united states is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
A.C. Milan chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
footballer Abner was born in brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent former Team Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC position Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905 high .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. play in National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played youth football for a.s. roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons is located in the city of atlanta.
Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney.
Budapest is in Hungary.
english is spoken in Canada.
Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in the city of Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.
Motherwell F.C. ground is in Fir Park.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
St. Louis Rams is located in the city of st. louis.
Tennessee Titans is located in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram active Years Start Year 1998.
Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer record Label Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is Progressive metal.
Abradab background solo singer.
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in poland.
Abradab is Hip hop music.
Agustín Barboza is music Guarania.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is Rock music.
Albennie Jones associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Soul music.
Alex Day is Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa associated Band/associated Musical Artist Héctor Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
Allen Forrest is Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in chicago.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow.
musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns instrument Guitar.
Hip hop music music Subgenre Gangsta rap.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk.
Indie rock stylistic Origin New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in london.
RCA Records distributing Company Sony Music Entertainment.
Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues.
Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music.
british people are from the united kingdom.
19255  1994 VK8 density gram Per Cubic Centimetres 2.0.
29075  1950 DA discoverer Carl A. Wirtanen.
410777  2009 FD absolute Magnitude 22.1.
410777  2009 FD apoapsis kilometres 259776702.47055.
66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0252.
The previous name of 1001 Gaussia was 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia maximum Temperature kelvins 165.0.
101 Helena apoapsis kilometres 441092000.0.
101 Helena epoch 2006-12-31.
101 Helena mass kilograms 3.0.
1036 Ganymed average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.86.
103 Hera absolute Magnitude 7.66.
103 Hera mass kilograms 7.9.
107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08.
107 Camilla discoverer A. Storrs.
The previous name of 1089 Tama was A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846.
1097 Vicia average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 17.92.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31.
1097 Vicia rotation Period 95040.0.
109 Felicitas discoverer Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76.
1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone temperature kelvins 173.0.
James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving .
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving .
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze. Abdul Taib Mahmud successor .
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.  was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar graduated from Technical Institute, Kaduna and was also born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff.  was born in Niger State.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff.  successor Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo.  active Years End Date 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo.  in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe.
World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.  was a battle involving Abner W. Sibal.
Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army. the korean war was a battle involving .
Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge and was also born in Kent.
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend  was born in Kent.
Adam Koc won Virtuti Militari. World War I was a battle involving .
Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.  was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece.  was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.  was born in greece.
Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Parliamentary group leader.  was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery.  won Military Cross.
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1974-03-04. Battle of France was a battle involving .
Battle of France was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.  was a battle involving Airey Neave.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave.  was born in Knightsbridge.
World War II was commanded by Franklin D. Roosevelt.  was a battle involving Airey Neave.
World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.  was a battle involving Airey Neave.
Albert B. White death Year 1941.  was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White profession Politician.  was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york city) died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain in Office While Vice President Edmund J. Davis.  died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain party United States Republican Party.  was born in new york city.
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.  successor Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria.  was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol.  was born in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales worked At, worked As office Governor of North Carolina.  successor politician James W. Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle.  graduated from Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office the united states house of representatives.  was born in Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army. American Civil War was a battle involving .
World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.  was a battle involving Allan Shivers.
Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4.  was born in Lufkin, Texas.
Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4.  successor Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin worked At, worked As office Secretary of State of Vermont.  was born on 1793-10-23.
the euro is the currency of Netherlands while Agnes Kant is also located in Netherlands.
Agnes Kant is from Netherlands and Mark Rutte is Netherlands leader .
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.  is in the united states.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan.  plays for Wichita Thunder.
The manager of Peñarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Abel Hernández plays for .
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.  plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.  plays for az alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.  plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C..  plays for Al Shorta SC.
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll. Akeem Adams plays for .
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team.  plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots.  draft Pick 39.
Akeem Ayers former Team Tennessee Titans.  draft Pick 39.
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987.  was born on 1987-09-27.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.  plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS.  plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club.  ground is in Al Khor.
The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for .
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..  plays for Leeds United F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..  ground is in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.  plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland.  plays for Florida Panthers.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow.  plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
FC Tom Tomsk play in Russian Football National League. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for .
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.  plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989.  was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus was born on 1988-01-08.  plays for Pallacanestro Cantù.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League.  plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C..
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of .
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. Adam Mc Quaid was born in .
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada. english is spoken in .
The manager of FC Dinamo Batumi is Levan Khomeriki. Aleksandre Guruli plays for .
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow.  ground is in Otkrytiye Arena.
Ro PS play in Veikkausliiga. Akeem Priestley plays for .
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..  ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer is Psychedelia.  instrument Guitar.
Aaron Deer origin the united states.   indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight.  is Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner instrument Singing.  is Avant-garde metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik.   Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12, in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice.  was born in poland.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music.  stylistic Origin Disco.
Ace Wilder record Label Warner Music Group.  background solo singer.
Agustín Barboza record Label Philips Records.  was born in Paraguay.
Alan Frew is Rock music.  music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.
Alan Frew is Rock music.  stylistic Origin Country music.
Albennie Jones is Jazz.  stylistic Origin Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music.  background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues.  stylistic Origin Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Soul music.  active Years Start Year 1990.
Alex Day is Synthpop.  stylistic Origin New wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.  was born in england.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer.  is music Milonga.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer.  is Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa (born in Uruguay) died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa (born in Montevideo) died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is artform Zamba.  background solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Plastik Mak.   Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is Folk rock.  record Label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.  instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest is Hip hop music.  background solo singer.
Alternative rock music Subgenre Christian alternative rock. musician Andrew White is .
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Phil Lesh and Friends.   Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues.  record Label Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues.  record Label Shanachie Records.
singer Andra is Pop music.  active Years Start Year 2000.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues.  stylistic Origin Blues.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.   Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.   Mark Sixma.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine.   Armin van Buuren.
musician Andrew White is Alternative rock.  stylistic Origin New wave music.
Country music instrument Banjo. NRBQ band Al Anderson is .
musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records.  is located in london.
19255  1994 VK8 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0925.  apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
410777  2009 FD apoapsis kilometres 259776702.47055.  minimum Temperature kelvins 211.0.
410777  2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0.  discoverer Spacewatch.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04.  escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0999.
66391  1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14.  orbital Period 16244700.0.
66391  1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14.  rotation Period 9953.28.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson.  death Cause Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.86.  apoapsis kilometres 611961000.0.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  was born in German Empire.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  is Germany.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  death Cause Peritonitis.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  is Canada.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson.  was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. The previous name of  was A919 HA; 1927 WB;.
1089 Tama temperature kelvins 179.0.  apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31.  periapsis 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas apoapsis kilometres 523329000.0.  temperature kelvins 170.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31.  periapsis 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas rotation Period 47487.6.  epoch 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968.  temperature kelvins 164.0.
The previous name of 10 Hygiea was A900 GA.  epoch 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31.  mass kilograms 6.7.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31.  orbital Period 142603000.0.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship.  length millimetres 125800.0.
A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22.  length millimetres 125800.0.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises.  is located in Germany.
AIDAluna was operated by AIDA Cruises.  is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna top Speed 40.744.  length millimetres 252000.0.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16.  length millimetres 253260.0.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works.  power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALV X-1 diameter metres 1.524.  rocket Stages 2.
AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin.  model Years 1974.
Richard A. Teague employer Chrysler. AMC Matador was designed by .
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo length millimetres 192000.0.  is in Argentina.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan.  related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma.  assembly italy.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.  assembly italy.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company.  is located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle.  engine cubic Centimetres 4387.0.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle.  engine Straight-six engine.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer .
rocket Antares maiden Flight 2014-01-09.  launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is from Argentina and Gabriela Michetti is Argentina leader .
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3.  manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space.
Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space. Airbus Group is the parent company of .
Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom.  related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin.  successor Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS.  successor Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage.  manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16.  diameter 3.04 m.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.  manufacturer Lockheed Martin.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi.  is classed as Audi e-tron.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi.  subsidiary Ducati.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi.  subsidiary Quattro Gmb H.
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.. A key person at  is Douglas R. Oberhelman.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base. rocket Antares comparable .
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland. Juha Sipilä is the leader of .
American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat. General Dynamics is the parent company of .
A-Rosa Luna power Type MTU Friedrichshafen. Rolls-Royce Holdings is the owner of .
Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. elizabeth ii is the leader of it.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving .  was born in Maine.
Ab Klink party Christian Democratic Appeal.  was was born in Netherlands and was a student at Erasmus University Rotterdam.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze. Abdul Taib Mahmud successor .  was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak  party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.  was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff.  was was born in Niger State and was a student at Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo.  military Branch Nigerian Air Force.  in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo.  military Branch Nigerian Army.  in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas.  worked At, worked As office Member of the Congress of Deputies.  was born in Spain Galicia.
Abel Caballero was born in spain.  party Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.  was born in Spain Galicia.
Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.  was a battle involving .
Abner W. Sibal worked At, worked As office Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.  party United States Republican Party.  was born in Ridgewood, Queens.
Gulf War was commanded by George H. W. Bush. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards.  was a battle involving .
Adam Holloway party the conservative party (uk).  was was born in Faversham and was a student at Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc.  was commanded by Leon Trotsky.  was born in Congress Poland.
Polish–Soviet War is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War.  was commanded by Leon Trotsky.  was a battle involving Adam Koc.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece.  worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.  was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece.  worked At, worked As office Minister for Health.  was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras. Greece New Democracy colour Blue.  party .
Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives.  is Netherlands national led by Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant party Netherlands Socialist Party.  is Netherlands national led by Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Member of the House of Representatives.  was was born in West Germany and was a student at Radboud University Nijmegen.
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30.  active Years End Date 1979-03-30. World War II was a battle involving .
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1974-03-04.  active Years End Date 1979-03-30. World War II was a battle involving .
Albert B. White death Year 1941.  date Of Death 1941-07-03.  was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White.  successor William M. O. Dawson.  was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Albert Jennings Fountain (born in Staten Island) died in the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in us.
Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york city) died in New Mexico Territory.  was born in Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york) died in the united states.  was born in Staten Island.
Buenos Aires City Legislature is the governing body of Buenos Aires. Alberto Teisaire died in . Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of .
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral.  successor Isaac Rojas.  was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfons Gorbach (born in County of Tyrol) died in Graz.  was born in Austria.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin.  worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.  was born in Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin.  worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.  was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4.  party the democratic party of the us.  successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr..
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.  is from the  region .
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party.  was born on 1793-10-23. Henry Clay is the leader of .
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party.  was born in Georgia, Vermont. Daniel Webster is the leader of .
American Civil War was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.  was a battle involving Albert Jennings Fountain.  was born in the united states.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Battle of Fredericksburg is Part Of Military Conflict .  was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales.
Alfons Gorbach (born in County of Tyrol) died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of .
Alfons Gorbach (born in state Tyrol) died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of .
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria.  died in Austria. Doris Bures is the leader of .
Battle of Salem Church was commanded by Robert E. Lee.  is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.  was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
The currency of Netherlands is the euro. Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a citizen of .
Adam Koc is poland. Polish language is spoken in . Kashubians are an ethnic group in .
19255  1994 VK8 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0925.  mass kilograms 5.6.  apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
410777  2009 FD orbital Period 39447000.0.  periapsis 88234300000.0.  discoverer Spacewatch.
66063  1998 RO1 minimum Temperature degree Celsius -71.0.  maximum Temperature kelvins 500.0.  apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66391  1999 KW4 average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 37.16.  density gram Per Cubic Centimetres 2.0.  apoapsis kilometres 162164091.8388.
1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0.  periapsis 352497000000.0.  epoch 2015-06-27.
1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27.  periapsis kilometres 419113394.55312. The previous name of  was 1923 OAA907 XC.
101 Helena mass kilograms 3.0.  escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0348.  apoapsis kilometres 441092000.0.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  is Germany.  graduated from University of Göttingen.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  epoch 2011-08-27.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  death Cause Peritonitis.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27.  orbital Period days 1622.213.  apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.
103 Hera escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0482.  temperature kelvins 170.0.  apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson.  was born in Nottingham and is a citizen of england.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26.  orbital Period days 1202.846. The previous name of  was A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26.  periapsis 288749000000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31.  periapsis 279142000000.0. The previous name of  was 1928 PC.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31.  mass kilograms 7.5.  orbital Period 139705000.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31.  orbital Period 139705000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 523329000.0.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76.  orbital Period days 5.57.  apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76.  surface Area square Kilometres 837080.744.  apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968.
10 Hygiea surface Area square Kilometres 837080.744.  apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968.  temperature kelvins 164.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31.  mass kilograms 6.7.  periapsis 377016000000.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31.  periapsis 377016000000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 440756000.0.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation.   Suburban Legends.  is Pop music.
Aaron Deer origin indiana.   the united states.  is Indie rock.
Aaron Deer origin the united states.   indiana.  is Psychedelia.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight.   Greymachine.  is Black metal.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight.   Greymachine.  is Drone music.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight.   Mamiffer.  is Ambient music.
Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.  is .
Aaron Turner instrument Singing. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.  is .
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik.   Kaliber 44.  was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik.   Kaliber 44.  origin Katowice.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk.   Disco. Ace Wilder is .
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay.  was born in .
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ.  instrument Singing.  is Rock music.
Rock music stylistic Origin Country music.  music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. Alan Frew is .
Jazz stylistic Origin Blues.  music Fusion Genre Afrobeat. Albennie Jones is .
Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues.  derivative Disco.  was born in Errata, Mississippi.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol.   Kovač sisters duo K2.  is Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol.   Kornelije Kovač.  is Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2.   Kristina Kovač.  is Rhythm and blues.
Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music.   Disco. Alex Day is .
Alfred Garth Jones (born in england) died in Sidcup.  was born in Manchester.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london, was born in england and Alfred Garth Jones nationality is the united kingdom.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london, was born in Manchester and Alfred Garth Jones nationality is the united kingdom.
Alfred Garth Jones (born in Manchester) died in Sidcup. the labour party (uk) is the leader of .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup.  died in london. boris johnson is the leader of .
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet.   Mellow Candle.  is Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle.   Flibbertigibbet.  is Folk music.
Jazz derivative Funk. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.  is .
Jazz derivative Funk. Alison O'Donnell record Label Static Caravan Recordings.  is .
Allen Forrest is Pop music.  background solo singer.  was born in Dothan, Alabama.
Allen Forrest is Rhythm and blues.  background solo singer.  was born in Dothan, Alabama.
Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal.  stylistic Origin New wave music. musician Andrew White is .
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso.   Tab Benoit.   Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.  is .
singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist singer Puya.   CRBL.  is Dance-pop.
singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist Andreea Bălan.   Marius Moga.  is Rhythm and blues.
singer Andra background solo singer. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.  is .
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.   Jonathan Mendelsohn.  is Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.   Bobina.  is Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine.   Christian Burns.  is House music.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow.   Kaiser Chiefs.  record Label defunct record label Universal Records.
Ska punk stylistic Origin Ska. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends.  is .
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi.  was born in the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in us.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine.  transmission 3-speed automatic.  is also known as Dodge Coronet.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship.  length millimetres 125800.0.  ship Ordered 2004-01-22.
A-Rosa Luna ship Displacement tonnes 1850.0.  top Speed 24.0.  length millimetres 125800.0.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of .  is located in Germany.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16.  ship In Service 2013-03-17.  length millimetres 253260.0.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company.  engine Four-stroke engine.  length millimetres 17068.8.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company.  engine V12 engine.  length millimetres 17068.8.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company.  length millimetres 17068.8.  was founded in Schenectady, New York.
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. the american are from us. african americans are an ethnic group in us.
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. washington dc is the capital of us. native americans are an ethnic group in us.
ALV X-1 diameter metres 1.524.  rocket Stages 2.  total Launches 1.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé production End Year 1958.  body Style Coupé.  engine Straight-four engine.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé wheelbase millimetres 2160.0.  width 1.55.  body Style Two door coupé.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2.  builder Helsinki.   Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy.  related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. rome is the capital of they.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy.  related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema. rome is the capital of they.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma.  assembly Arese.   Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma.  assembly Milan.   Saab 9000.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m.  length millimetres 63800.0.  ship Launch 1855-05-31.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m.  ship Launch 1855-05-31.  is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company.  engine Petrol.  was founded in Coventry.
American Motors fate automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer . A key person at  is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office.  comparable Delta II.  country Origin the united states.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office.  launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.  function Medium expendable launch system.
Ariane 5 manufacturer Arianespace. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre.  launch Site .
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS.  assembly Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom.  engine litres 5.3.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS.  engine litres 5.3.  assembly the united kingdom.
Atlas II country Origin the united states.  launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base.   Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Atlas II country Origin the united states. us is led by the president. native americans are an ethnic group in us.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.  country Origin the united states.   Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2.  assembly Audi Brussels.  body Style Hatchback.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi.  related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza.   Volkswagen Polo.
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..  was founded in california.  is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc.. AIDA Cruises is the owner of .  is located in illinois.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. , owned by Costa Crociere, is located in Genoa.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. rocket Antares comparable .  country Origin the united states.
ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site .  is headquartered in French Guiana.
ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site .  is located in Kourou, French Guiana.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.  location Country Germany.  is located in Rostock.
the american are from the united states. Atlas II country Origin us. african americans are an ethnic group in us.
Aaron Hunt played youth football for Goslarer SC 08.  plays for Vf L Wolfsburg.  plays for SV Werder Bremen.
The manager of Vf L Wolfsburg is Dieter Hecking. Aaron Hunt plays for .  plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español.  plays for Hull City A.F.C..  plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español.  plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.  plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands.  plays for PSV Eindhoven.  plays for az alkmaar.
United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for .  plays for W Connection F.C..
Akeem Ayers former Team Los Angeles Rams.  draft Round 2.  draft Pick 39.
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams.  draft Round 2.  draft Pick 39.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons.  was born on 1987-09-27, in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in iraq.  plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.  plays for Iraq national under-20 football team.
Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for .  plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01.  plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..  plays for Clyde F.C..
Accrington Stanley F.C. ground is in Accrington. footballer Alan Martin plays for Motherwell F.C..  plays for .
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02, in Tampere, Finland.  plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. draft Team Florida Panthers.  was born on 1995-09-02, in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov (born in Soviet Union) died in Russia. Vladimir Putin is the leader of .
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.  plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.  plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.  plays for Russia national football B team.  plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Olympique Lyonnais ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli plays for .  plays for azal pfk.
Olympique Lyonnais ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli plays for .  plays for US Lesquin.
The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli plays for .  plays for Italy national under-16 football team.
The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli plays for .  plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto. Alessio Romagnoli plays for .  plays for a.s. roma.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in italy.  plays for Italy national under-17 football team.  plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba.  is 1.9304 high .  plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante is 1.9304 high .  was born in Canada.  plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Tyus play in Euroleague. Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.  plays for .
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.  plays for .
FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk.  plays for .
FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for .  plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, who play in 2014–15 Russian Premier League, is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for .
The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández plays for .  plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Aleksandr Chumakov (born in Moscow) died in Russia. Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of .
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. footballer Abner plays for Brazil national under-20 football team.  plays for .
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. footballer Abner plays for .  plays for c.d. fas.
Alex Tyus was born in st. louis.  is part of Greater St. Louis. francis g. slay is the leader of .
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots.  debut Team Tennessee Titans.  is located in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team.  plays for .
The manager of SV Werder Bremen II is Alexander Nouri. Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.  plays for .  play in the 3 liga league.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce.  plays for Peñarol.  plays for .
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. The manager of  is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.  plays for Central Español.  plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini.  plays for .  play in serie a.
Adam Mc Quaid weight kilograms 94.8024.  birth Year 1986.  was born in Prince Edward Island on 1986-10-12.
Adam Mc Quaid draft Team Columbus Blue Jackets. Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney.  is located in the city of Columbus, Ohio.  plays for .
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams.  debut Team Tennessee Titans.  birth Year 1989.  was born on 1989-07-10.
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987.  former Team Houston Texans.  was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 1987-09-27.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons.  former Team Houston Texans.  was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 1987-09-27.
The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC.  plays for .  ground is in Al Khor.
The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for .  plays for Iraq national under-23 football team.  ground is in Al Khor.
The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for .  plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.  ground is in Al Khor.
footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01.  is centimetres 185.42 high .  plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..  plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01.  is centimetres 185.42 high .  plays for Scotland national under-21 football team.  plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.  is centimetres 185.0 high .  plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.  plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.  is centimetres 185.0 high .  plays for FC Spartak Moscow.  plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.  is centimetres 178.0 high .  plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.  plays for FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante was born in Canada on 1989-05-09.  birth Year 1989.  plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989.  is 1.9304 high .  was born in Canada.  plays for Anyang Halla.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of  is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of . Inuktitut is spoken in .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of  is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of . Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in .
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. The anthem of  is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of . Slavey language is spoken in .
The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for .  plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.  ground is in Grozny.
FC Torpedo Moscow chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. The manager of , who play in 2014–15 Russian Premier League, is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for .
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons.  former Team Houston Texans.  is located in the city of texas.  is located in the city of houston.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce.  plays for .  play in Uruguayan Primera División.
19255  1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31.  orbital Period 8788850000.0.  periapsis 6155910000000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04.  orbital Period days 360.29.  escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0999.  apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66063  1998 RO1 mean Temperature kelvins 265.0.  apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.  epoch 2013-11-04.  orbital Period days 360.29.
1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27.  orbital Period 488160.0.  periapsis 352497000000.0.  escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0252.
1001 Gaussia discoverer Sergey Belyavsky.  epoch 2015-06-27.  periapsis kilometres 419113394.55312. The previous name of  was 1923 OAA907 XC.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  doctoral Student Allan Sandage.  was was born in German Empire and was a student at University of Göttingen.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  doctoral Student Halton Arp.  was was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and was a student at University of Göttingen.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  doctoral Student Halton Arp.  died in West Germany.  graduated from University of Göttingen.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  death Cause Peritonitis.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.  graduated from University of Michigan.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.  is Canada.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  death Cause Peritonitis.  is Canada.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson.  periapsis kilometres 479343000.0.  (born in Nottingham) died in Chennai.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson.  discovered 2001-03-01.  (born in Nottingham) died in Chennai.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26.  orbital Period days 1202.846.  periapsis 288749000000.0. The previous name of  was A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0068.  orbital Period days 1202.846.  epoch 2005-11-26.  apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31.  mass kilograms 9.8.  orbital Period 135589000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 511592000.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31.  orbital Period 139705000.0.  periapsis 283326000000.0.  escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0473.
10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27.  orbital Period days 5.57.  periapsis 416136000000.0. The previous name of  was A900 GA.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31.  escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02.  orbital Period 183309000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 520906000.0.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31.  orbital Period 183309000.0.  periapsis 445895000000.0. The previous name of  was 1928 SJ.
1101 Clematis escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02.  orbital Period 183309000.0.  periapsis 445895000000.0.  epoch 2006-12-31.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine.  manufacturer Dodge.  transmission 3-speed automatic.  wheelbase inches 120.0.
1955 Dodge related Mean Of Transportation De Soto Custom.   Chrysler Newport.  successor De Soto Firedome.  manufacturer automobile De Soto.
AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft.  was operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of .  is located in Rostock.
AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0.  builder Meyer Werft.  was operated by AIDA Cruises. Costa Crociere is the owner of .
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company.  build Date May 1950 - August 1956.  engine V12 engine.  power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company.  length millimetres 17068.8.  engine V12 engine.  build Date May 1950 - August 1956.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company.  length millimetres 17068.8.  location Country the united states.  was founded in Schenectady, New York.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works.  build Date May 1950 - August 1956.  engine V12 engine.  power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works.  cylinder Count 12.  build Date May 1950 - August 1956.  engine Four-stroke engine.
AMC Matador assembly Mexico City.  body Style Station wagon.  engine AMC V8 engine.  is also known as American Motors Matador.
AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin.  engine AMC straight-6 engine.  class is Mid-size car.  is also known as VAM Classic.
Acura TLX assembly Marysville, Ohio.  layout front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive.  engine Honda K engine.  class is Mid-size car.
Acura TLX assembly Marysville Auto Plant.  engine V6 engine.  layout Front-engine design.  class is Luxury vehicle.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland.  ship Beam 21.2.   Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.  is In service.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland.   Helsinki. Finns are from . Juha Sipilä is the leader of .
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2.  builder Helsinki.   Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.  is In service.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy.  related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000.  engine Straight-four engine.   Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma.  assembly italy.   Saab 9000.  engine V6 engine.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m.  length millimetres 63800.0.  ship Launch 1855-05-31.  is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company.  engine Petrol.  successor Rover Company.  was founded in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company.  engine Straight-six engine.  successor Rover Company.  was founded in Coventry.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer .  fate Chrysler. A key person at  is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m.  ship Launch 1969-01-25.  top Speed 8.334.  builder General Dynamics Electric Boat.
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25.  top Speed 8.334.  length millimetres 45000.0.  ship Beam 3.8 m.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office.  final Flight 2014-10-28.  maiden Flight 2013-04-21.  launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office.  maiden Flight 2013-04-21.  launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.  final Flight 2013-09-18.
Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom.  successor Aston Martin Virage.  manufacturer Aston Martin. london is the capital of it.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS.  engine litres 5.3.  assembly the united kingdom.   Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS.  engine litres 5.3.  successor Aston Martin Virage.  manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II diameter 3.04 m.  final Flight 2002-12-05.  launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base.   Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2.  layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.  assembly Audi Brussels.  class is Supermini.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi.  subsidiary Ducati.  was founded by August Horch.  is classed as Audi e-tron.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in california. AIDAluna power Type . AIDA Cruises is the owner of .  is located in illinois.
AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft.  was operated by AIDA Cruises. , owned by Costa Crociere, is located in Genoa.
Delta II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. rocket Antares comparable .  country Origin the united states.   Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.   Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. rocket Antares comparable .  country Origin the united states.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy.   .  body Style automobile Sedan.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra. Alfa Romeo 164  .  assembly Milan.  body Style automobile Sedan.
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat. American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m.  builder .  is located in Groton, Connecticut.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.  is located in Rostock.  comes from Germany where Stanislaw Tillich is a leader .
Atlas II country Origin the united states. washington dc is the capital of us. african americans are an ethnic group in us. english is spoken in us.
Atlas II country Origin the united states. the american are from us. washington dc is the capital of us. african americans are an ethnic group in us.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation.   Suburban Legends.  band Member trombonist Brian Robertson.  is Ska punk.
Aaron Deer background solo singer.  origin indianapolis.   indiana.  is Psychedelia.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Isis.   band Sumac.  instrument Singing.  is Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight.   Old Man Gloom.  active Years Start Year 1995.  is Post-metal.
Aaron Turner is Black metal.  associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Sumac.  instrument Electric guitar.  music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Ace Wilder background solo singer.  birth Year 1982.  was born in Stockholm on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer.  birth Year 1982.  was born in Sweden on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer.  birth Year 1982.  was Songwriter who was born in Stockholm.
Ace Wilder background solo singer.  birth Year 1982.  was Songwriter who was born in Sweden.
Ahmet Ertegun is Rhythm and blues.  origin washington dc.  background non performing personnel.   the united states.
Ahmet Ertegun is Rock and roll.  origin the united states.  stylistic Origin Blues. african americans are an ethnic group in us.
Albennie Jones active Years End Year 1950. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues.  derivative Disco.  is .
Albennie Jones is Jazz.  stylistic Origin Blues.  was born in the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in us.
Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972.  background solo singer.  is Pop music.  was born in Belgrade.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues.  background solo singer.  birth Year 1972.  was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Chameleon Circuit.   Charlie Mc Donnell.  active Years Start Year 2006.  is Acoustic music.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Chameleon Circuit.   Charlie Mc Donnell.  active Years Start Year 2006.  is Electronic music.
Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.  (born in england) died in london.  was born in Manchester.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. Uruguayans is the name for the people of Uruguay and one of the traditional dishes there is . politician Daniel Martínez is the leader of .
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records.  background solo singer.  is Candombe.  was born in Uruguay.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik.   Flibbertigibbet.  active Years Start Year 1963.  is Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle.   Head South By Weaving.  active Years Start Year 1963.  is Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.  record Label Deram Records.   Floating World Records.  is located in london.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.  record Label Deram Records.   Fruits de Mer Records.  is located in london.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981.  background solo singer.  is Acoustic music.  was born in Fort Campbell.
Allen Forrest is Hip hop music.  birth Year 1981.  background solo singer.  was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL.
Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal.  stylistic Origin Punk rock. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow.  is .
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso.   Tab Benoit.   Galactic.  is Rock music.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records.   Shanachie Records.  is Blues.  is located in chicago.
singer Andra is Dance-pop.  background solo singer.  was Singing who was born in romania.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues.  derivative Funk.  stylistic Origin Blues.   Disco.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.   Jonathan Mendelsohn.  active Years Start Year 2009.  is Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Trance music stylistic Origin House music.   Christian Burns.  is .
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs.   Marry Banilow.  active Years Start Year 2003.  is Alternative rock.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs.   Marry Banilow.  record Label defunct record label Universal Records.  active Years Start Year 2003.
Agustín Barboza died in Paraguay.  died in Asunción, Gran Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of .
Country music instrument Banjo. NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ.   The Wildweeds.  is .
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.   Funk.  derivative Drum and bass. Allen Forrest is .
Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Manchester is part of Greater Manchester. the labour party (uk) is the leader of .  was born in .
Post-metal instrument Cello. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight.   House of Low Culture.  is .
band Twilight is Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist .  instrument Electric guitar.  music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues.  stylistic Origin Blues.  was born in the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in us.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.  (born in Maine) died in West Roxbury. American Civil War was a battle involving .
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.  (born in Maine) died in West Roxbury. Battle of the Wilderness was a battle involving .
Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated to Association of MBAs. Ab Klink worked At, worked As office Netherlands Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport.  was was born in Netherlands and was a student at .
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.  lives in Kuching  was born in Miri, Malaysia.  is from the Asajaya region .
Abdul Taib Mahmud lives in Sarawak  party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.  was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.  is from the Asajaya region .
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem.  party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.  lives in Sarawak  was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem.  party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.  lives in Sarawak  was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe.  military Branch Nigerian Army.  predecessor Oladipo Diya.  successor Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe.  predecessor Oladipo Diya.  successor Al-Amin Daggash.  military Branch Nigerian Air Force.
Abel Caballero in Office While Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain.  predecessor Francisco Franco.  in Office While Prime Minister Felipe González.  was born in Spain Galicia.
Abel Caballero worked At, worked As office Minister of Transport.  party Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.  was born in Spain Galicia.  was born in spain.
Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states who was born in New Britain, Connecticut.  spouse Casey Ribicoff. native americans are an ethnic group in us.
Gulf War was a battle involving Adam Holloway.  active Years Start Date 2005-05-05.  was was born in Kent and was a student at Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc.  was commanded by Joseph Stalin.  is poland. Polish language is spoken in .
Polish–Soviet War is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War.  was commanded by Joseph Stalin. Adam Koc died in new york city.  was a battle involving .
Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens.  worked At, worked As office Vice-President of New Democracy.  successor Makis Voridis.  was born in greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens.  worked At, worked As office Greece Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism.  successor Makis Voridis.  was born in greece.
Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Member of the Hellenic Parliament.  successor Makis Voridis.  was born in athens.  was born in greece.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. The currency of  is the euro.  is the leader of .
Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives.  party Netherlands Socialist Party.  is Netherlands national led by Mark Rutte.
Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. Agnes Kant is Netherlands national led by Mark Rutte.  is the leader of .
Netherlands Socialist Party colour Red. Agnes Kant party .  is Netherlands. Emile Roemer is the leader of .
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave.  active Years Start Date 1953-06-30.  active Years End Date 1979-03-30.  was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave.  active Years Start Date 1974-03-04.  active Years End Date 1979-03-30.  was born in Knightsbridge, London.
World War II was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek. Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery.  garrison Hohne.  was a battle involving .
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson.  (born in cleveland) died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.  was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson.  active Years End Date 1905-03-04.  active Years Start Date 1901-03-04.  was born in cleveland.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york. American Civil War was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.  was a battle involving . french is spoken in .
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york city) died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.  was a battle involving .
Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york) died in New Mexico Territory.  (born in Staten Island) died in the united states.
Alberto Teisaire party Justicialist Party.  in Office While President Juan Perón.  died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of .
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.  profession Rear admiral.  successor Isaac Rojas.  was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle.  worked At, worked As office Governor of North Carolina.  party the democratic party of the us.  was born in Reidsville, North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army.  worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. Whiskey Rebellion was a battle involving .  was born in Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips party the democratic party of the us.  successor Albert E. Austin.  worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.  was born in Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips party the democratic party of the us.  successor Albert E. Austin.  worked At, worked As office Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.  was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers party the democratic party of the us.  successor Price Daniel.  worked At, worked As office Governor of Texas.  was born in Lufkin, Texas.
Allan Shivers party the democratic party of the us.  successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr..  worked At, worked As office Governor of Texas.  was born in Lufkin, Texas.
Alvah Sabin worked At, worked As office Secretary of State of Vermont.  is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region .  is located in the state of Vermont. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in .
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.  is from the  region . Daniel Webster is the leader of .
Battle of Gettysburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.  was commanded by Robert E. Lee. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.  was a battle involving .
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President .  is Argentina. spanish is spoken in .
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas.  in Office While President .  was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft.  was operated by AIDA Cruises.  is the owner of .  is located in Germany.
AIDAstella ship Beam 32.2.  top Speed 38.892.  builder Meyer Werft.  length millimetres 253260.0.  was operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company.  length millimetres 17068.8.  cylinder Count 12.  build Date May 1950 - August 1956.  engine Four-stroke engine.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company.  length millimetres 17068.8.  cylinder Count 12.  engine V12 engine.  build Date May 1950 - August 1956.
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. The anthem of us is called The Star-Spangled Banner. the american are from us. washington dc is the capital of us. native americans are an ethnic group in us.
AMC Matador assembly Thames, New Zealand.  body Style Station wagon.  engine AMC V8 engine.  class is Mid-size car.  is also known as American Motors Matador.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m.  power Type Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes.  builder Samuda Brothers. , owned by company P&O, is located in london.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle.  subsidiary Wheel Horse. AMC Matador manufacturer .  fate Chrysler. A key person at  is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25.  top Speed 8.334.  ship Draft 4.6 m.  length millimetres 45000.0.  ship Beam 3.8 m.
rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.  comparable Delta II.  country Origin the united states.   Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.  associated Rocket Minotaur IV.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office.  final Flight 2014-07-13.  maiden Flight 2014-10-28.  launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.  diameter metres 3.9.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office.  maiden Flight 2014-10-28.  launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.  diameter metres 3.9.  final Flight 2013-09-18.
Ariane 5 final Flight 2009-12-18.  maiden Flight 2005-08-11.  manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space.  launch Site Guiana Space Centre.  diameter metres 5.4.
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes. Guiana Space Centre is headquartered in French Guiana. ELA-3 site . Ariane 5 launch Site .  was operated by .
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS.  successor Aston Martin Vantage.  assembly Newport Pagnell.  engine litres 5.3.  manufacturer Aston Martin.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS.  body Style Coupé.  engine litres 5.3.   Aston Martin RHAM/1.  assembly Newport Pagnell.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS.  assembly the united kingdom.  successor Aston Martin Virage.  manufacturer Aston Martin. elizabeth ii is the leader of it.
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2.  layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.  assembly Brussels, Belgium.  body Style Hatchback.  class is Supermini.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi.  subsidiary Ducati.   Lamborghini.  was founded by August Horch.  is classed as Audi e-tron.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in california. AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna.  power Type .  was founded in the united states.  is located in Peoria, Illinois.
A key person at Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman.  was founded in the united states. AIDAluna power Type . , owned by AIDA Cruises, is located in Rostock.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna.  power Type Caterpillar Inc.. A key person at  is Douglas R. Oberhelman.  was founded in the united states.  is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft.  was operated by AIDA Cruises. , owned by , is located in Genoa.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland.   Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. Finns are from . Sami languages is spoken in . Juha Sipilä is the leader of .
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.  is located in Rostock.  is a food found in Germany, which leader is Joachim Gauck and  capital is Berlin.
A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.  is located in Rostock.  is a food found in Germany, which leader is Andreas Voßkuhle and  capital is Berlin.
Atlas II country Origin the united states. the american are from us. english is spoken in us. washington dc is the capital of us. native americans are an ethnic group in us.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. Central Español play in Uruguayan Segunda División. The manager of  is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.  plays for .  plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for .  plays for Soviet Union national football team.  died in Russia. Valentina Matviyenko is the leader of .
Olympique Lyonnais chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas.  ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny. Aleksandre Guruli plays for .  plays for .
Alessio Romagnoli position football Defender. A.C. Milan play in serie a. The manager of  is Siniša Mihajlović.  plays for .  plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli currentclub A.C. Milan.  chairman is Silvio Berlusconi. The manager of  is Siniša Mihajlović.  plays for Italy national under-17 football team.  plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español.  play in Uruguayan Segunda División. The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini.  plays for Uruguay national football team.  plays for .
FC Spartak Moscow chairman is Sergey Rodionov.  ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. The manager of FC Amkar Perm is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for .  plays for .
FC Spartak Moscow chairman is Sergey Rodionov. FC Terek Grozny ground is in Grozny. The manager of  is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for .  plays for .
Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. FC Terek Grozny ground is in Grozny. The manager of  is Rashid Rakhimov.  plays for .  plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, who play in 2014–15 Russian Premier League, is Valery Petrakov. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for .  plays for Soviet Union national football team.  was born in Soviet Union.
Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov. United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. The manager of  is Thomas Doll. Akeem Adams plays for .  plays for .
Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov. United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome. The manager of  is Thomas Doll. Akeem Adams plays for .  plays for .
19255  1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31.  mass kilograms 5.6.  orbital Period 8788850000.0.  periapsis 6155910000000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson.  discovered 1868-08-15.  is Canada.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.  graduated from University of Michigan.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson.  state Of Origin Canada.  death Cause Peritonitis.  graduated from University of Michigan.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  doctoral Student Allan Sandage.  was born in German Empire, graduated from University of Göttingen, and died in Göttingen.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  doctoral Student Halton Arp.   Allan Sandage.  was was born in German Empire and was a student at University of Göttingen.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade.  doctoral Student Allan Sandage.  is Germany who was born in German Empire.  graduated from University of Göttingen.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  discovered 1868-09-07.  is Canada.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.  graduated from University of Michigan.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson.  periapsis kilometres 371240000.0.  is Canada.  died in Madison, Wisconsin.  graduated from University of Michigan.
107 Camilla discoverer B. Zellner.  orbital Period days 2368.05.  periapsis kilometres 479343000.0.  epoch 2006-12-31.  apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer C. Woods.  orbital Period days 2368.05.  periapsis kilometres 479343000.0.  epoch 2006-12-31.  apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer F. Vilas.  epoch 2006-12-31.  orbital Period days 2368.05.  periapsis kilometres 479343000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson.  absolute Magnitude 7.08. england  was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26.  escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0068.  orbital Period days 1202.846.  apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0. The previous name of  was A919 HA; 1927 WB;.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31.  escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02.  mass kilograms 5.7.  orbital Period 183309000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 520906000.0.
11264 Claudiomaccone epoch 2005-11-26.  orbital Period days 1513.722.  periapsis kilometres 296521000.0.  apoapsis kilometres 475426000.0.  temperature kelvins 173.0.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.  lives in Kuching  was born on 1936-05-21, in Miri, Malaysia.  is from the Asajaya region .
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem.  party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.  lives in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak  was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.  graduated from University of Adelaide.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe.  active Years End Date 1999-05-29.  predecessor Oladipo Diya.  military Branch Nigerian Navy.  successor Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo.  in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe.  active Years End Date 1999-05-29.  military Branch Nigerian Army.  predecessor Oladipo Diya.
Abraham A. Ribicoff party the democratic party of the us.  worked At, worked As office Governor of Connecticut.  is the united states who was born in Connecticut.  died in us.
Abraham A. Ribicoff worked At, worked As office United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare.  party the democratic party of the us. the united states  was born in Connecticut and died in new york city.
the united states Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in new york.  spouse Casey Ribicoff. native americans are an ethnic group in us.
Adam Holloway worked At, worked As office Member of Parliament for Gravesham.  active Years Start Date 2005-05-05.  military Branch Grenadier Guards.  was was born in Kent and was a student at Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway party the conservative party (uk).  active Years Start Date 2005-05-05.  military Branch Grenadier Guards.  was was born in Faversham, Kent, England and was a student at Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras.   Konstantinos Mitsotakis.  successor Makis Voridis.  was born in greece.  was born in athens.
Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party.  is Netherlands national led by Mark Rutte.  is the leader of .
Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives.  lives in Doesburg  is Netherlands national led by Mark Rutte. Khadija Arib is the leader of .
Agnes Kant lives in Doesburg Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party.  is Netherlands national led by Mark Rutte.  is the leader of .
Albert B. White birth Year 1856.  death Year 1941.  date Of Death 1941-07-03.  died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.  was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White.  successor William M. O. Dawson.  (born in cleveland) died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.  was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White.  successor William M. O. Dawson.  worked At, worked As office Governor of West Virginia.  active Years End Date 1905-03-04.  was born in cleveland.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson.  party United States Republican Party.  active Years End Date 1905-03-04.  active Years Start Date 1901-03-04.  was born in cleveland.
Juan Perón spouse Eva Perón.  party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President .  died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of .
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate.  profession Rear admiral.  successor Isaac Rojas.  was born on 1891-05-20, in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfons Gorbach party Austrian People's Party.  (born in state Tyrol) died in Styria.  (born in Austria) died in Graz.
Alfons Gorbach party Austrian People's Party.  (born in state Tyrol) died in Styria.  (born in Imst) died in Graz.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.  died in Sycamore, Illinois.  is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region .  is located in the state of .
Alvah Sabin (born in Georgia, Vermont) died in Sycamore, Illinois. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.  is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region .  is located in the state of .
Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales.  is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.  was commanded by Jefferson Davis.  is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups .
Siege of Petersburg was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales.  is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.  was commanded by Jefferson Davis.  is from the united states, which counts native americans among the united states ethnic groups .
Juan Perón spouse Eva Perón.  party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President .  is Argentina. spanish is spoken in .
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation.   Suburban Legends.  band Member trombonist Brian Robertson. Ska punk stylistic Origin Punk rock.  is .
Aaron Deer is Indie rock.  origin the united states.  associated Band/associated Musical Artist Wee Giant.  background solo singer.   indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom.   band Lotus Eaters.  origin the united states.  active Years Start Year 1995.  is Black metal.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight.   band Lotus Eaters.  origin Massachusetts.  active Years Start Year 1995.  is Sludge metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik.   Kaliber 44.  was born in Katowice on 1978-11-12.  was born in poland.
Ace Wilder background solo singer.  birth Year 1982.  (born on 1982-07-23 in Sweden) served as Singing.
Ace Wilder background solo singer.  birth Year 1982.  (born on 1982-07-23 in Stockholm) served as Songwriter.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music.  music Subgenre Gangsta rap.  stylistic Origin Funk.  derivative Drum and bass.   Disco.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music.  stylistic Origin Funk.  derivative Drum and bass.   Disco.  was born in Sweden.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ.   The Wildweeds.  active Years Start Year 1966.  is Rock music.  was born in Windsor, Connecticut.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.  instrument Guitar.  stylistic Origin Country music.  is .
Alan Frew origin Canada.   Newmarket, Ontario.  background solo singer.  (born in Coatbridge) served as Musician.
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer.  birth Year 1972. Pop music music Fusion Genre Disco.  is .  was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues.  associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2.   Kornelije Kovač.  background solo singer.  active Years Start Year 1990.
Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.  was born in england and is a citizen of the united kingdom.  (born in Manchester) died in london.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup.  (born in Manchester) died in london.  is led by the european parliament. boris johnson is the leader of .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup.  (born in Manchester) died in london.  is led by the european parliament. the labour party (uk) is the leader of .
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet.   Mellow Candle.  record Label Floating World Records.  active Years Start Year 1963.  is Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.  derivative Funk.  record Label Deram Records.   Stanyan Records.  is located in london.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.  derivative Funk.  music Fusion Genre Afrobeat.  instrument Autoharp.  stylistic Origin Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.  stylistic Origin Blues.  derivative Funk.  music Fusion Genre Afrobeat.  instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981.  background solo singer.  is Acoustic music.  was born in Dothan, Alabama.  was born in Fort Campbell.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso.   Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars.   Galactic.  active Years Start Year 1989.  is Rock music.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic.   Tab Benoit.   Billy Iuso.  active Years Start Year 1989.  is Blues.
singer Andra birth Year 1986.  background solo singer.  is Dance-pop.  (born in Câmpia Turzii) served as singer, Reality television judge.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues.  background solo singer.  birth Year 1986.  (born in romania) served as Singing.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren.   Bobina.   Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi. Trance music stylistic Origin Pop music.  is .
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.   Armin van Buuren.  active Years Start Year 2009.  is Trance music.  was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine.   Bobina.  active Years Start Year 2009.  is Trance music.  was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine.   John Digweed.  instrument String instrument.   Christian Burns.  is Trance music.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs.   Marry Banilow.  record Label B-Unique Records.   Polydor Records.  active Years Start Year 2003.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.   Funk.  derivative Drum and bass. Allen Forrest is .  was born in Fort Campbell.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco. Allen Forrest birth Year 1981.   Funk.  derivative Drum and bass.  is .
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup.  (born in Manchester) died in london.  is led by the parliament of the united kingdom. the labour party (uk) is the leader of .
Agustín Barboza (born in Asunción) died in Paraguay. Juan Afara is the leader of . Mestizo are an ethnic group in . spanish is spoken in .
Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records.   Polydor Records.  is .  is located in london.
Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records.   defunct record label Universal Records.  is .  is located in london.
Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. NRBQ band Al Anderson instrument Guitar.  stylistic Origin Country music.   Blues.  is .
Rock music stylistic Origin Blues.  music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. Country music instrument Banjo.   . NRBQ band Al Anderson is .
band Twilight is Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist .   Old Man Gloom.  instrument Electric guitar.  music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. politician Daniel Martínez is the leader of .  comes from Uruguay where Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is the leader and spanish is spoken .
