abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas.
18l/36r is the runway name of adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport.
The ICAO Location Identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
The runway length of al-taqaddum air base is 3684.
14/32 is the runway name of alderney airport.
The runway length of allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12.
amsterdam airport schiphol 1st runway is Number 18.
amsterdam airport schiphol 5th runway Surface Type asphalt.
06/24 'Kaagbaan' is the runway name of amsterdam airport schiphol.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
The runway length of andrews county airport is 896.
The 1st runway at angola international airport is made from asphalt.
antwerp international airport is 12 meters metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
The runway length of appleton international airport is 2,349.
The runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa.
11/29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority.
13/31 is the runway name of atlantic city international airport.
dutch is spoken in belgium.
curitiba is part of the south region of brazil.
danes inhabit denmark.
fallujah is in iraq.
greenville, wisconsin is in the united states.
greenville, wisconsin is part of grand chute.
arabic is spoken in iraq.
madrid is in spain.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan.
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey.
houston is the largest city in texas.
libya in 1986 was a battle involving the united states air force.
the boeing c-17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the united states air force.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
adams county has to its southeast carroll county, maryland.
The leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade.
azerbaijan is led by the prime minister of azerbaijan.
turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
The architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is a postmodern style.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
The architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler.
The construction of 320 south boston building began in 1910.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen number Of Rooms 814.
The architect of adare manor is james pain and george richard pain.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is in japan.
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary.
The address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places .
The architect of asilomar conference grounds is julia morgan.
asilomar conference grounds architecture the "arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows".
asilomar conference grounds was built in 1913.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city.
buffalo, new york is part of erie county new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
county limerick is part of munster.
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin.
malatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia.
indians inhabit india.
One of the significant buildings designed by julia morgan is the los angeles herald examiner building.
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills, california.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of california.
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
The ISBN number of 1634: the ram rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint.
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
the aids journal is in the united kingdom.
The OCLC number of a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
english is spoken in a long long way.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane.
The ISSN number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is 0025-5858.
above the veil was written by garth nix.
above the veil is available in print.
The ISSN number of acta palaeontologica polonica is 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of addiction (journal) is 93645978.
The academic discipline of addiction (journal) is addiction.
english is spoken in aenir.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in the united states.
english is spoken in alcatraz versus the evil librarians.
The academic discipline of the american journal of mathematics is math.
english is spoken in the novel castle.
eric flint was born in burbank, california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
a glastonbury romance is a notable work by john cowper powys.
soho press is in the united states.
the secret scripture is published by faber and faber.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
english is spoken in the united states.
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance.
The manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division.
The full name of a.f.c. blackpool is `` association football club blackpool '' .
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in the mechanics.
a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool.
a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens fc ground is in athens.
aek athens fc played in the 2014-2015 season.
the azal arena is located in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie for the season 2014-2015.
akron, ohio is in the united states.
akron, ohio is located in summit county, ohio.
The full name of akron summit assault is `` Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault '' .
The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci plays for chelsea f.c..
christian panucci plays for inter milan.
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona.
gubbio is from the Umbria region .
The leader of italy is sergio mattarella.
jens härtel plays for fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago plays for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta bc.
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stoger plays for fc kolin.
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908.
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba.
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology.
kerala has to its northwest mahe.
mendrisio neighboring Municipality meride.
bucharest is the capital of romania.
The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen.
There are 16000 students at the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university.
alan bean is the united states.
apollo 8 's backup pilot was buzz aldrin.
buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science.
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963.
california gemstone the gem benitoite.
elliot see died on 1966-02-28.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is deceased.
april o'neil was created by kevin eastman.
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc.
ben urich 's full name is benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway.
bibbo bibbowski 's full name is bo bibbowski.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
the black pirate is also known as jon valor.
john buscema won the eisner award.
karl kesel is the american.
marv wolfman won Kirby Award.
peter laird is the united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
The area code for albany, georgia is 229.
albany, oregon is part of the united states.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by the mayor.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico's house of representatives.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico.
The total area of amarillo is square kilometres 233.9.
amarillo is part of randall county.
anderson, indiana is part of richland township.
angola, indiana is located at 324.0 above sea level .
The area code for antioch, california is 925.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county.
The population density of arlington is inhabitants per square kilometre 1472.0.
The leader of atlanta is Kasim Reed.
The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is square kilometres 44.125.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level .
auburn, alabama is part of lee county.
The total area of auburn, washington is square kilometres 77.41.
austin is part of texas.
spanish is spoken in california.
Dunwoody, Georgia is the largest city in dekalb county in georgia.
fulton county, georgia is in the united states.
anderson, indiana is the county seat of madison county, indiana.
michigan is in the united states.
Detroit is the largest city in michigan.
orange county, california is in the united states.
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in oregon.
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas.
The leader of the united states is barack obama.
the united states house of representatives is located in United States Capitol.
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce.
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the the valencian community region .
ayam penyet is from the singapore region .
tomato is an ingredient in the blt.
baked alaska is from the hong kong region .
bakewell pudding served warm or cold.
bandeja paisa is in colombian cuisine.
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is from the the paisa region region .
barny cakes serving Size 30.0 g.
shumai is a variation of batagor.
The main ingredients of batagor are a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow is from the indonesia region .
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
cottage cheese is a variation of bionico.
bionico is from the jalisco region .
chicken class is bird.
The currency of india is the rupee.
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india.
indonesian is spoken in indonesia.
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco.
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java.
the malay are an ethnic group in malaysia.
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico.
spanish is spoken in new york.
shumai is in china.
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay.
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra.
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield. The city nearest to the monocacy national battlefield is frederick, maryland.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
akron, ohio is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany, oregon is part of oregon. salem is the capital of oregon.
albuquerque, new mexico is led by the united states house of representatives. albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states.
amarillo is part of texas. amarillo is in the united states.
anaheim, california is part of california. anaheim, california is led by the united states house of representatives.
anaheim, california is part of orange county, california. orange county, california is in the united states.
anderson, indiana is part of adams township, madison county, indiana. adams township, madison county, indiana is in the united states.
antioch, california is located at 13.0 above sea level . The total area of antioch, california is 75.324 square km.
arlington is located at 184.0 above sea level . The total area of arlington is 258.3 square kilometres.
arlington is part of texas. texas is in the united states.
atlanta is in the united states. atlanta is part of georgia.
atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county.
atlantic city, new jersey comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county. atlantic county is in the united states.
The population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is square kilometres 44.125.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington. pierce county, washington is in the united states.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. albany, oregon is part of the united states.
amarillo comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc
albuquerque, new mexico is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. albany, georgia is part of the united states.
auburn, alabama is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
akron, ohio is in the country of the united states, where english is spoken .
albuquerque, new mexico is published in the united states where the leader is known as the president.
tomato is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce which comes from italy.
arem-arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
arrabbiata sauce is in the country of italy, where italian is spoken .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where sergio mattarella is a leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in italy arrabbiata sauce.
arros negre is from spain and is found in the region of the valencian community.
fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce are the main ingredients of asam pedas which is a food found in indonesia.
ayam penyet is from indonesia and is found in the region of malaysia.
a bacon sandwich, the club sandwich and the blt are variations of the same dish .
bacon is a main ingredient in ` bacon explosion ' , which also contains sausage.
bacon can be added to a bacon sandwich and a bacon sandwich nicknames include a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Another variation for a bacon sandwich is the blt which includes bread.
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from france.
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is a leader .
meringue is an ingredient of baked alaska which comes from the united states.
You can use bakewell pudding inside a bakewell tart which also includes fruit preserves as one of the ingredients .
vermicelli is an ingredient of bakso which comes from indonesia.
celery are from the the family apiaceae family and are an ingredient in bakso.
chicharron is an ingredient in colombian cuisine bandeja paisa.
barny cakes comes from france where claude bartolone is a leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia.
siomay is a variation of batagor which has peanut sauce as an ingredient .
palm sugar is an ingredient of beef kway teow which comes from singapore.
beef kway teow comes from singapore where halimah yacob is a leader .
beef kway teow is a dish of kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil and comes from singapore and indonesia.
The demonym for people living in india, where bhajji is located , is indians.
bhajji comes from india where t s thakur is a leader .
binignit is from the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
binignit is a dish of banana and comes from the philippines.
Ingredients used in binignit are sweet potato and banana.
bionico comes from mexico where enrique pena nieto is a leader .
granola is an ingredient of bionico which comes from guadalajara.
bionico and cake are types of a dessert.
bakso comes from indonesia where joko widodo is a leader .
You can use batagor inside a shumai which also includes shiitake as one of the ingredients .
aarhus airport has a runway length of 2777.0 and is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh, awadh.
The runway length of al asad airbase, al anbar province, iraq, is 3090.0.
al asad airbase is located in iraq where iraq speak arabic.
the united states air force was fighting in the invasion of grenada and also operates al asad airbase.
The 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae. poaceae class is monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is a leader .
The runway length of allama iqbal international airport, punjab, pakistan, is 2900.0.
The length of the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is 3800 metres . amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level .
amsterdam airport schiphol -3.3528 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made of asphalt.
The runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is 2014.0.
The runway length of amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, is 3300.0.
andrews county airport is in texas which largest city is houston.
angola international airport serves luanda. The runway length is 3800.0.
The runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 597.0 and the 3rd runway surface type is poaceae.
211 above sea level , the length of the 1st runway at ashgabat international airport is 12467 feet .
The operating organization for ashgabat international airport is called turkmenistan airlines who have turkmenistan airlines headquarters in turkmenistan.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, the united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and the runway name is 4/22.
atlantic city international airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
infraero in brasilia, operates afonso pena international airport.
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the regionalliga.
a.c. chievo verona has 39371 members and a.c. chievo verona ground is verona, italy.
The manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran. rolando maran was born in italy.
jorge humberto rodriguez manages a.d. isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 a epsth, greece.
stuart parker manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for blackburn rovers fc.
stuart parker manages a.f.c. blackpool and plays for irlam town football club.
afc fylde has 3180 members and afc fylde ground is located in lancashire.
a.s. gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is located in gubbio.
a.s. livorno calcio ground is in livorno, a.s. livorno calcio is in the serie b. league .
christian panucci manages a.s. livorno calcio and plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa manages acf fiorentina and plays for juventus f.c..
acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s.p.a. acf fiorentina current membership is 47290.
aek athens fc has 69618 members and aek athens fc ground is greece.
aek athens fc ground is in the olympic stadium (athens), aek athens fc is in the the superleague greece league .
jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst, the ground of afc ajax (amateurs).
azal pfk ground is in the azal arena. azal pfk is located in shuvalan, baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault has 3000 members and played in the the 2011 pdl season season .
gubbio is from the Umbria region . a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in gubbio.
The ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c..
eric flint is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis, which was preceded by the grantville gazettes.
The author of 1634: the ram rebellion, which is available in an e book, is virginia demarce.
The EISSN number of aip advances is 2158. aip advances is abbreviated to aip adv..
a fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones and is available in print.
a fortress of grey ice has 672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
a glastonbury romance was followed by weymouth sands. a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys.
a long long way is available in print & paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
a long long way has 292 pages and the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print.
a severed wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
a severed wasp is written in english, which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8 and was published in print.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg is published by springer science and business media which was founded by julius springer.
The ISBN number of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is 0-439-92550-9. The literary genre of alcatraz versus the evil librarians is fantasy literature.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
' alcatraz versus the evil librarians ' was followed by ` alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones ' which was authored by brandon sanderson.
am. j. math. is the abbreviation for the american journal of mathematics and is concerned with the academic discipline of math.
the american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university.
1634: the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc
a fortress of grey ice comes from the united states where the capital is washington dc
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is nicknamed uab. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in alba.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university. the visvesvaraya technological university is located in belgaum.
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore.
the all india council for technical education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the acharya institute of technology. the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai.
kochi is the leader of kerala. the awh engineering college is in kerala.
peter laird is the united states who created april o'neil.
the bbc broadcasted bananaman which starred jill shilling.
graeme garden starred in bananaman, broadcasted by stv.
tim brooke-taylor, who was born in derbyshire, starred in bananaman.
baymax first appeared in big hero 6, starring alan tudyk.
baymax first appeared in big hero 6, starring scott adsit.
steven t. seagle created baymax, a character in big hero 6.
roger mckenzie created ben urich aka benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman.
marv wolfman created bibbo bibbowski aka bo bibbowski.
alan bean was born on march 15, 1932. alan bean is retired.
alan shepard is deceased. alan shepard was a test pilot.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. glen ridge, new jersey is part of the essex county.
william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders is retired. william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
108 st georges terrace, completed in 1988, has a floor count of 50.
200 public square actually on the united states has 45 floors .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and 62145.3 square metres of floor area .
300 north lasalle is in chicago and has 60 floors .
The architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler. george winkler is in the united states.
3arena is located in east link bridge and was designed by hok sve.
3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous.
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen. the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen.
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862.
adare manor is located in adare, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
adisham hall is in haputale, sri lanka, and adisham hall has the the tudor revival architectural style style of architecture .
adisham hall is in sri lanka, and adisham hall has the the tudor revival architectural style style of architecture .
the akita museum of art is from japan where the brazilians are an ethnic group .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors . The address of the akita museum of art is 142 nakadori.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat. The address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus.
ampara hospital is in eastern province. austin fernando is the leader of eastern province.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, the united states.
asser levy public baths is located in new york city, brooklyn.
adare manor is located in county limerick, munster.
3arena is located in dublin, the republic of ireland.
alan bean is the united states. alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. alan bean is retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin is the united states. joe biden is the leader of the united states.
buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. elliot see was born in dallas. elliot see is the united states.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. elliot see died in st. louis. elliot see was chosen by NASA in 1962.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. francis g. slay is the leader of st. louis. elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see died in st. louis. st. louis is part of the kingdom of france. elliot see died on 1966-02-28.
the purple finch is a native bird to new hampshire. alan shepard spent 13017 minutes in space . alan shepard was born in new hampshire.
1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint, can be found in print and has 448 pages .
english is spoken in 1634: the ram rebellion. english is spoken in great britain. 1634: the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634: the galileo affair.
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery. alexander l. wolf is the leader of the association for computing machinery. the association for computing machinery headquarter is new york city.
The academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv. The academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv/aids. The ISSN number of the aids journal is 0269-9370.
The academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv. The academic discipline of the aids journal is hiv/aids. The ISSN number of the aids journal is 1473-5571.
aip advances editors include : a t charlie johnson. a t charlie johnson resides in the united states. a t charlie johnson graduated from stanford university.
a fortress of grey ice, by j.v. jones, has OCLC number 51969173 and ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong. The OCLC number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501. The ISBN number of a loyal character dancer is 1-56947-301-3.
english is spoken in a loyal character dancer. a loyal character dancer is published by soho press. soho press is in the united states.
a severed wasp was written in the united states in english which is spoken in great britain.
The OCLC number for a severed wasp is 8805735. a severed wasp has 388 pages and is in hardcover.
The abbreviation abh. math. semin. univ. hambg is for abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg, which has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
above the veil is in australia. english is spoken in aenir. aenir was followed by above the veil.
english is spoken in above the veil. aenir was written by garth nix. aenir was followed by above the veil.
above the veil was written by garth nix, can be found in hardcover and has 248 pages .
The abbreviation acta palaeontol. pol. is for acta palaeontologica polonica, which has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
addiction (journal) is concerned with the academic discipline of addiction. addiction (journal) has the abbreviation addiction and the ISSN number 1360-0443.
addiction (journal) was published by wiley-blackwell (parent company john wiley & sons) and has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
cornell university, new york, affiliated with the association of american universities, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly.
aenir was written by garth nix. english is spoken in aenir. aenir was followed by above the veil.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written in the united states in english which is spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has 320 pages can be found in hardcover and has the OCLC number 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states where , just like in great britain, the language spoken is english.
john cowper powys was born in shirley, derbyshire. john cowper powys died in blaenau ffestiniog. a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys.
sara miller mccune founded sage publications. The ISSN number of administrative science quarterly is 0001-8392. administrative science quarterly is published by sage publications.
washington dc is the capital of the united states which has native americans ethnic group . a severed wasp is a food from there .
a wizard of mars is written in english and is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states whose leader is barack obama. a wizard of mars comes from the united states.
the united states is led by the president ; the united states ethnic group are african americans and the united states university is called 1634: the ram rebellion.
the united states is led by the president ; the united states ethnic group are native americans and the united states university is called a fortress of grey ice.
jens härtel has been manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1. fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche.
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for the club asd licita 1931 and a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
The full name of a.c. lumezzane is `` associazione calcio lumezzane spa '' . a.c. lumezzane play in the lega pro/a. a.c. lumezzane has 4150 members .
jorge humberto rodriguez has been manager of a.d. isidro metapan and plays for alianza f.c. and the el salvador national football team.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis chairman is antonis milionis. a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in the town of efxeinoupoli.
association football club blackpool is the fullname of a.f.c. blackpool. a.f.c. blackpool have 1500 members and a.f.c. blackpool ground is in blackpool.
stuart parker has been manager of a.f.c. blackpool and plays for chesterfield fc and runcorn f.c. halton.
dave challinor has been manager of afc fylde and plays for stockport county fc and colwyn bay fc.
livorno calcio s.p.a. is the fullname of a.s. livorno calcio. a.s. livorno calcio have 19238 members and a.s. livorno calcio ground is in livorno, italy.
The manager of a.s. livorno calcio is christian panucci. a.s. livorno calcio play in serie b.. The champions of serie b. are carpi fc 1909.
christian panucci has been manager of a.s. livorno calcio and plays for chelsea f.c. and the real madrid cf club.
aek athens fc play in the the superleague greece league which has been won by olympiacos fc in the past . aek athens fc ground is located in greece.
gus poyet has been manager of aek athens fc and plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f.c..
afc ajax (amateurs) ground is in amsterdam. The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan. amsterdam-centrum is part of amsterdam.
afc ajax (amateurs) ground is in amsterdam. The leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan. amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam.
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and i̇stanbulspor a.ş.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c. campeonato brasileiro série c is in brazil. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca.
luciano spalletti has been manager of a.s. roma and plays for udinese calcio and empoli f.c..
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for s.s. chieti calcio and the club asd licita 1931.
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for us castrovillari calcio and a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
massimo drago has been manager of a.c. cesena and plays for us castrovillari calcio and s.s. chieti calcio.
103 colmore row is located in colmore row. The architect of 103 colmore row is john madin. john madin was born in birmingham.
cuyahoga county is part of cleveland which is where 200 public square is and where frank g jackson is the leader .
There are 12 floors at 250 delaware avenue, the united states, with a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is in chicago, dupage county, whose leader is rahm emanuel.
The architect of 320 south boston building is george winkler. george winkler is in the united states. 320 south boston building has 22 floors .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena, which was completed december 2008 and is located on north wall quay.
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark. marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen. the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen. The architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn. the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors .
augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury has designed many significant buildings , including the palace of westminster and the grounds of adare manor.
philip charles hardwick are the architects of adare manor, which was completed in 1862, and is owned by jp mcmanus.
adisham hall is located in haputale was finished in 1931 and is in tudor and jacobean.
adisham hall, located in sri lanka, is in the architectural style of `` tudor and jacobean '' and was completed in 1931.
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka where adisham hall is located in haputale.
adisham hall is in sri lanka. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka. The currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee.
The construction of alan b miller hall began in 30th march 2007. the mason school of business is in the united states. the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b miller hall.
san francisco born julia morgan designed asilomar conference grounds and other significant buildings including the riverside art museum.
julia morgan who was born in california has designed many significant buildings , including chinatown, san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference grounds.
asilomar conference grounds are located in asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on february the 27nd 1987. asilomar conference grounds reference number in the National Register of Historic Places is 87000823.
asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and avenue a, manhattan, was added to The National Register of Historic Places 1980-04-23.
asser levy public baths was built in 1904 and new york city, was added to The National Register of Historic Places 1980-04-23.
birmingham, which is lead by the conservative party (uk), is the home town of john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
john madin was born in birmingham (with the liberal democrats as a key leader) and became an architect , designing 103 colmore row.
ethiopia is lead by hailemariam desalegn and is the location of addis ababa city hall, addis ababa.
anandiben patel is the leader of gujarat. amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad. amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat.
marriott international is located in bethesda, maryland. marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen. A key person at marriott international is bill marriott.
albany, georgia is part of dougherty county, georgia. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. albany, georgia is in the united states.
The population density of albuquerque, new mexico is 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre. albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico. The total area of albuquerque, new mexico is 490.9 square kilometres.
alpharetta, georgia is in the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia.
alpharetta, georgia is in the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia.
alpharetta, georgia is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc
anaheim, california has a UTC offset of -7. The area code for anaheim, california is 657 and 714. The total area of anaheim, california is 131.6 square kilometres.
anaheim, california is part of california. anaheim, california is led by the california state senate. the california state senate is located in the california state capitol.
anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana. lafayette township, madison county, indiana is in the united states. anderson, indiana is part of indiana.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana. angola, indiana is in the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county. contra costa county is part of the san francisco bay area, in california. antioch, california is led by the united states house of representatives.
arlington is part of tarrant county in texas. fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas. tarrant county in texas is in the united states.
atlanta is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital city is washington dc
The population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for atlanta is 404. The total area of atlanta is 347.1 sqkm.
atlantic city, new jersey is in the united states. newark is the largest city in new jersey. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of atlantic county. atlantic county is in the united states. new york city is the largest city in the united states.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. alabama is in the united states. auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
auburn, washington is part of washington state. washington dc is the capital of the united states. washington state is in the united states.
auburn, washington is part of washington state. olympia is the capital of washington state. washington state is in the united states.
atlanta is the capital of georgia. albany, georgia is part of georgia. albany, georgia is part of dougherty county, georgia.
madison county, indiana is in the united states. alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana. anderson, indiana is the largest city in madison county, indiana.
trenton is the capital of new jersey. new jersey is in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
english is spoken in texas. arlington is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. attica, indiana is in the united states. attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. fountain county, indiana is in the united states. attica, indiana is part of fountain county, indiana.
akron, ohio is located in the united states, washington dc and the language is english.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. akron, ohio is in the united states. akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon. albany, oregon is in the united states.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. The leader of the united states is barack obama. albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states.
african americans is an ethnic group in the united states where albany, georgia is eaten and one of the languages is english.
asian americans is an ethnic group in the united states where angola, indiana is eaten and one of the languages is english.
aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport where 10r/28l with a length of 2776.0.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid. The runway length of adirondack regional airport is 2003.0. adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama, the community of madrid, spain.
The ICAO Location Identifier of agra airport in uttar pradesh is viag. agra airport is operated by the indian air force.
Operated by the united states air force, al asad airbase is located at iraq and has a runway that is 3992.88 long .
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase. An aircraft there is the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle. the united states air force fought in libya in 1986.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase. the united states air force were involved in the invasion of grenada and deploy the aircraft fighter known as the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle.
alderney is served by alderney airport. alderney airport 's 1st runway is made from poaceae and alderney airport has a runway length of 877.0.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan. allama iqbal international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the pakistan civil aviation authority headquarter is jinnah international airport.
Located in punjab, pakistan, allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 2900.0 and a runway named 18l/36r.
At an elevation of 210 above seal level , alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, in the united states.
andrews county airport, located in texas has a runway length of 1773 metres and has an elevation of 973 meters .
andrews county airport, located in texas has a runway length of 896 and has an elevation of 973 meters .
andrews county airport is located in texas. austin is the capital of texas. english is spoken in texas.
andrews county airport is located in texas (whose indigenes are called tejano) , the united states.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is in belgium, where they speak german.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, the united states.
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based in the four world trade center.
atlantic city international airport is in egg harbor township, the united states. atlantic city international airport runway length is 3048.0.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore which is in pakistan where anwar zaheer jamali is the leader .
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in madrid which is part of the community of madrid. The leader party at madrid is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in madrid (spain) where the leader party is ahora madrid.
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is found in san sebastian de los reyes (spain) where the leader party is the peoples party (spain).
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the united states. adams county has to its southeast carroll county, maryland. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county.
adams county has to its southeast carroll county, maryland. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the municipality of gettysburg. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan. turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
The leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan. the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan.
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey. ankara is the capital of turkey. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italy sauce from lazio containing guanciale.
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem-arem. arem-arem is from the javanese cuisine region . The main ingredients of arem-arem are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce. tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants. tomato is part of the solanaceae family .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional italy sauce from rome containing olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce is made from tomato and can be found rome and italy.
A dish popular in malaysia is asam pedas from the the malay peninsula region , which is fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, which leader is arifin zakaria and asam pedas capital is kuala lumpur.
Found in indonesia, ayam penyet comes from the region of malaysia where on of the ethnic groups is the malaysian chinese.
lettuce is an ingredient in the blt. the club sandwich is a variation of the blt. the blt is a variation of a bacon sandwich.
white americans are an ethnic group in the united states whose leader is barack obama. bacon explosion comes from the united states.
bacon explosion is located in the country of the united states which is lead by john roberts. The capital of the united states is washington dc.
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and a bacon sandwich (which contains bread) .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a traditional dish from the new york region of france.
baked alaska is located in the country of france, the leader is manuel valls and the currency is the euro.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a traditional dish from the new york region of the united states.
cookies is a dessert, as too is baked alaska which has sponge cake as an ingredient .
bakewell pudding is from the the derbyshire dales region . bakewell pudding is a dessert. The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakewell pudding is from the the derbyshire dales region . bakewell tart is a variation of bakewell pudding. The main ingredients of bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
bakso is a traditional indonesia sauce from indonesia containing beef.
avocado is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa which is from the the paisa region region , in the country of colombian cuisine.
bandeja paisa is a traditional colombian cuisine sauce from the paisa region containing hogao.
claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders in france where barny cakes is located .
batchoy is in the philippines. The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef. noodles is an ingredient in batchoy.
batchoy is in the philippines. The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef. vegetables is an ingredient in batchoy.
beef kway teow is located in nationwide in singapore and indonesia, singapore. The leader of singapore is tony tan.
beef kway teow is a traditional indonesia sauce from singapore containing sesame oil.
beef kway teow is made from oyster sauce and can be found singapore and singapore and indonesia.
bhajji comes from the country of india, where sumitra mahajan is a leader and the rupee is the currency .
banana is an ingredient in binignit, which along with cookies are types of a dessert.
sago is an ingredient in binignit, which along with cookies are types of a dessert.
taro is an ingredient in binignit, which along with cookies are types of a dessert.
banana is an ingredient of binignit along with sweet potato which belong to the solanales order of plants .
bionico is a dessert containing granola from mexico.
raisins is an ingredient in bionico which is a traditional dish from the guadalajara region of mexico.
bionico is located in the country of mexico, the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the peso.
amatriciana sauce is a food found in italy, which leader is pietro grasso and amatriciana sauce capital is rome.
the igorot people is an ethnic group in the philippines where batchoy is eaten and one of the languages is arabic.
beef kway teow is in english speaking singapore, where english is tony tan.
tomato, an ingredient in amatriciana sauce, is part of the solanaceae family and is a member of the solanales order .
the awh engineering college is in india. the awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250. the awh engineering college is in kerala.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. The number of post graduate students at the acharya institute of technology is about 700. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
kochi is the leader of kerala. the awh engineering college is in kerala. kerala has to its northwest mahe.
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania. The anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is from romania where klaus iohannis is the leader and the germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association. The headquarters of the european university association is in brussels. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928.
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and rené goscinny who is french.
bananaman stars tim brooke-taylor. bananaman is broadcast by the bbc. bananaman last aired on april 15th, 1986.
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6, big hero 6 that stars scott adsit and in which baymax makes baymax first appearance .
The distributor of big hero 6, which stars scott adsit, is walt disney studios motion pictures. baymax appears in big hero 6.
big hero 6 stars ryan potter. walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of big hero 6. baymax is a character in big hero 6.
the comic character blockbuster AKA mark desmond, was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino.
`` larry bolatinsky, '' also known as the comic character bolt, was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn.
the comic character bolt AKA larry bolatinsky, was created by ernie colon and gary cohn.
103 colmore row has 23 floors and was built between 1973 and 1976 in birmingham.
With the capital of cape town, south africa is the location of 11 diagonal street and has the ethnic groups of asian south africans and the coloured.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, the united states and the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue in buffalo, new york cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, the united states, where rahm emanuel is a leader .
300 north lasalle in illinois has 60 floors and a total area of 120770.0 square metres and was completed in 2009.
3arena is owned by live nation entertainment. dublin is part of the republic of ireland. 3arena is located in dublin. dublin is part of leinster.
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen. the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in copenhagen. The architect of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is 3xn. the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 23 floors .
adare manor is located in adare. county limerick is part of munster. adare manor is located in county limerick. county limerick is governed by the limerick city and county council.
the brazilians are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita, akita prefecture.
the filipinos are an ethnic group in japan which is the location of the akita museum of art in akita, akita prefecture.
the akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita in japan, where the ethnic group is vietnamese people.
the akita museum of art can be found in akita prefecture in akita in japan, where the ethnic group is the brazilians.
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary. alan b miller hall was completed in 1 june 2009. The address of alan b miller hall is 101 ukrop way. alan b miller hall is located in williamsburg, virginia.
Two of india leaders are sumitra mahajan and narendra modi. amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat in india.
asilomar conference grounds is located in pacific grove, california and was built in 1913. asilomar conference grounds was added to the National Register of Historic Places on february the 27nd 1987 with 87000823.
asser levy public baths are located on avenue a, manhattan, were constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 withreference number 80002709.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city, parts of which are brooklyn and manhattan (where cyrus vance jr is the leader) .
gale brewer is one of the leaders of manhattan which is part of new york city the united states which is where asser levy public baths are located .
birmingham has the b postcode and one of the city leaders is andrew mitchell. The architect who designed 103 colmore row, john madin, was born in birmingham.
birmingham has the b postcode and one of the city leaders is the labour party. The architect who designed 103 colmore row, john madin, was born in birmingham.
Lead by anandiben patel, amdavad ni gufa can be found in gujarat, india, where india is lead by sumitra mahajan.
Two of india leaders are narendra modi and t s thakur. amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat in india.
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture, in akita, japan, which has an ethnic group called the brazilians.
elizabeth ii is a leader of the united kingdom which has the capital city of london and is lead via the parliament of the united kingdom. the united kingdom is the location of 20 fenchurch street.
english is the language of the united states, where the leader is the president joe biden. 250 delaware avenue is an address located in the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the united states. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in pennsylvania. the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property.
baku is the capital of the prime minister of azerbaijan which is lead by artur rasizade. azerbaijan is the location of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan. turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial.
the monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county, maryland. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907-07-11. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield. The city nearest to the monocacy national battlefield is frederick, maryland.
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey. ankara is the capital of turkey. the ataturk monument is made from bronze. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
turkey is led by the president of turkey. the ataturk monument was designed by pietro canonica. the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
albany, georgia is part of georgia. english is spoken in the united states. albany, georgia is in the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
The area code for albuquerque, new mexico is 505 and 575. The land area , of albuquerque, new mexico, is 486.2 square kilometers. The total area of albuquerque, new mexico is 490.9 square kilometres. The population density of albuquerque, new mexico is 1142,3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
alpharetta, georgia is in the united states. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia. atlanta is the county seat of fulton county, georgia.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. potter county, texas is in the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. potter county, texas is in texas. amarillo is in the united states. austin is the capital of texas.
anaheim, california is led by the california state assembly. anaheim, california is part of california. the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol. spanish is spoken in california.
The population density of anderson, indiana is 523.9 people per square kilometer. The total area of anderson, indiana is 107.43 square kilometres. anderson, indiana is located at 268.0 above sea level . anderson, indiana is part of adams fall creek, lafayette, richland, union.
angola, indiana is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana. angola, indiana is in the united states. angola, indiana is part of indiana. The total area of angola, indiana is 16.55 square kilometres.
antioch, california has a UTC offset of -7. The total population of antioch, california is 102372. The area code for antioch, california is 925. The total area of antioch, california is 75.324 square km.
The population density of atlantic city, new jersey is 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for atlantic city, new jersey is 609. atlantic city, new jersey is led by "mayor". The total area of atlantic city, new jersey is square kilometres 44.125.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. auburn, alabama is in the united states. lee county is in alabama. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. lee county is in the united states. lee county is in alabama. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington. washington dc is the capital of the united states. pierce county, washington is in the united states. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington.
auburn, washington is part of washington state. washington dc is the capital of the united states. auburn, washington is in the united states. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington.
austin is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas. san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin is part of hays county, texas.
chinese is spoken in california. anaheim, california is led by the california state assembly. anaheim, california is part of california. the california state assembly is located in the california state capitol.
georgia is in the united states. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia. atlanta is the county seat of fulton county, georgia.
indianapolis is the capital of indiana. anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana. lafayette township, madison county, indiana is in the united states. anderson, indiana is part of indiana.
english is spoken in texas. arlington is part of texas. texas is in the united states. houston is the largest city in texas.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon. albany, oregon is in the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. new jersey is in the united states. new york city is the largest city in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. the united states is led by the president. The leader of the united states is barack obama. albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. albuquerque, new mexico is led by new mexico. The leader of new mexico is john sanchez. albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states.
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. albany, oregon is part of benton county, oregon. albany, oregon is in the united states.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. The leader of the united states is barack obama. albuquerque, new mexico is led by the mayor of albuquerque. albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states.
english is spoken in the united states. albany, georgia is in the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. albany, georgia is part of the united states.
english is spoken in the united states. angola, indiana is part of indiana. angola, indiana is in the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
english is spoken in the united states. angola, indiana is part of pleasant township which is part of steuben county, in indiana. angola, indiana is in the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
jens härtel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg, has played for sv babelsberg 03 and the club 1. fc union berlin as well as representing the club fsv zwickau.
rolando maran (born in italy) is manager of a.c. chievo verona and has played for fc bari 1908 and carrarese calcio.
italy born michele marcolini is in torino f.c. and also plays for a.c. chievo verona. michele marcolini has previously managed a.c. lumezzane.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members . a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis chairman is antonis milionis. a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis ground is in the town of efxeinoupoli. a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis play in the a epsth 2nd group.
the conservative party (uk), is one of the leaders in blackpool, which is where , a.f.c. blackpool have a.f.c. blackpool grounds . a.f.c. blackpool had footballer , stuart parker ( who plays for stockport county fc ) , for a manager .
gordon marsden, is one of the leaders in blackpool, which is where , a.f.c. blackpool have a.f.c. blackpool grounds . a.f.c. blackpool had footballer , stuart parker ( who plays for stockport county fc ) , for a manager .
association football club fylde, is afc fylde fullname . afc fylde has 3180 members , and warton, fylde, lancashire is afc fylde grounds . In season 2014.
afc fylde played in season 2014. afc fylde has 3180 members . The full name of afc fylde is `` association football club fylde '' . afc fylde ground is in bryning lane.
paulo sousa has been the manager of acf fiorentina, has played for juventus f.c. and maccabi tel aviv f.c. as well as representing inter milan.
aek athens fc which has 69618 members plays at aek athens fc home ground at greece. aek athens fc are in the superleague greece and played in the season 2014 season .
afc ajax (amateurs) ground is in sportpark de toekomst. sportpark de toekomst was operated by afc ajax. sportpark de toekomst is owned by afc ajax n.v.. jong ajax is a tenant of sportpark de toekomst.
The full name of afc ajax (amateurs) is the amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs and afc ajax (amateurs) nickname is joden, godenzonen. afc ajax (amateurs) played in season 2014 in season 2014 and have 5000 Members .
john van den brom has been the manager of az alkmaar, has played for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax as well as representing the netherlands national football team.
estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca, at alagoas, is the home ground of agremiação sportiva arapiraquense. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c, past champions of which are vila nova futebol clube
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c. campeonato brasileiro série c is in brazil. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca. estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play in campeonato brasileiro série c. campeonato brasileiro série c is in brazil. agremiação sportiva arapiraquense ground is in estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca. estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca.
akron summit assault ground is in st. vincent-st. mary high school. st. vincent-st. mary high school is in the united states. akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio. st. vincent-st. mary high school is located in akron, ohio.
The leader of italy is pietro grasso. rome is the capital of italy. The leader of italy is sergio mattarella. a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in italy.
peter stoger has been the manager of fc kolin, has played for sk vorwärts steyr and fc admira wacker modling as well as representing fk austria wien.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, has a runway name of 17l/35r with a length of 2194.0 and is 546 metres above sea level .
lake placid, and the city of saranac lake are served by adirondack regional airport. adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a a runway length of 2003.0.
Operated by enaire, adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas. adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport has 18l/36r and a runway length of 3500.
agra airport is in india and run by the indian air force. agra airport has the IATA Location Identifier of agr and the ICAO Location Identifier of viag.
Operated by the united states air force, al asad airbase is in iraq. al asad airbase runway name is 08/26 and al asad airbase runway length is 3990.0.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase which has a runway length of 3990.0. al asad airbase is located in al anbar province, iraq and has the runway name of 09r/27l.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who took part in the noted battles at the invasion of grenada. the united states air force deploy the lockheed ac-130 attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle as an aircraft fighter .
With a runway length of 2900.0, allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan. allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority.
Serving the city of amsterdam, amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level . amsterdam airport schiphol has the runway name , 09/27 buitenveldertbaan, and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Serving the city of amsterdam, amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level . amsterdam airport schiphol has the runway name , 18l/36r aalsmeerbaan, and has a runway length of 2014.0.
andrews, texas is served by andrews county airport which is located in texas at 973 metres above sea level and with a runway length of 929.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, the united states, where the people are known as tejano and the capital city is austin.
andrews county airport is located in texas. austin is the capital of texas. english is spoken in texas. texas is in the united states.
angola international airport is located in ícolo e bengo. ícolo e bengo is in angola. angola international airport serves the city of luanda. ícolo e bengo is part of luanda province.
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government. antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region. antwerp international airport is 12 meters metres above sea level . The runway length of antwerp international airport is 600.0.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines, the headquarters of which are in ashgabat, in turkmenistan. The hub airport for turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport.
athens international airport serves the city of athens. athens international airport is located in spata. athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level . The runway length of athens international airport is 3800.0.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey. atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township. egg harbor township is in the united states. don guardian is the leader of atlantic city, new jersey.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority. stephen dilts is the leader of the south jersey transportation authority. atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township. egg harbor township is in the united states.
antwerp is a popular tourist destination in belgium the local language is german and RIDGE-2 leader is charles michel, the airport in antwerp is antwerp international airport.
antwerp is a popular tourist destination in belgium the local language is french and RIDGE-2 leader is philippe of belgium, the airport in antwerp is antwerp international airport.
harrietstown is in the united states. saranac lake is part of harrietstown. saranac lake is part of essex county, new york. adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake.
the kurdish languages is spoken in iraq. fuad masum is the leader of iraq. al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah. fallujah is in iraq.
fallujah is a popular tourist destination in iraq the local language is the kurdish languages and RIDGE-2 leader is haider al-abadi, the airport in fallujah is al-taqaddum air base.
lahore is a city in pakistan. lahore is served by allama iqbal international airport, located in punjab, pakistan and the leader of punjab, pakistan is malik muhammad rafique rajwana.
poaceae, which is the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport, belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the order commelinids and the class monocotyledon.
the bbc, which is located in broadcasting house, and where rona fairhead is a key person , once broadcast bananaman and has a product called bbc radio.
jill shilling was the star of bananaman, an stv series first aired on 3 october 1983 and created by steve bright.
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred ryan potter. The creator of baymax is the american, duncan rouleau.
the comic character bolt (larry bolatinsky) is a comic character that was created by both gary cohn and ernie colon who is a national of puerto rican.
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis. demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes and grantville gazette iii preceded 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by eric flint, virginia demarce, et al and has the ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0. 1634: the ram rebellion is published in an e book and has 512 pages .
In the united kingdom, elizabeth ii is the Leader and the aids journal was published here by lippincott williams & wilkins (parent company wolters kluwer) .
a fortress of grey ice is available in hardcover. The OCLC number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173. a fortress of grey ice was written by j.v. jones. The ISBN number of a fortress of grey ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong. The OCLC number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501. The ISBN number of a loyal character dancer is 1-56947-301-3. a loyal character dancer is available in hardcover.
a loyal character dancer is from the united states and was originally published in english. english is the national Language of great britain. native americans are one of many ethnic groups that reside in the united states
english is the language of the united states. the united states where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans. the united states is also where soho press, which published a loyal character dancer, is based .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2. a wizard of mars is published in hardcover and has 560 pages .
acta mathematica hungarica (abbreviation acta math. hungar) is part of the academic Discipline of math. acta mathematica hungarica has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
acta palaeontologica polonica (abbrv . acta palaeontol. pol.) is academically focused on paleobiology. acta palaeontologica polonica ISSN and LCCN numbers are 0567-7920 and 60040714 respectively .
acta palaeontologica polonica, ISSN number is `` 1732-2421 '' , LCCN number of 60040714, was published by the polish academy of sciences and is known as acta palaeontol. pol..
administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university. cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities. cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities. cornell university is in new york.
administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university. cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities. cornell university is in new york. cornell university is located in ithaca, new york.
aenir has 233 pages . aenir was written by garth nix. The ISBN number of aenir is 0-439-17684-0. aenir is available in paperback.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states and was originally published in english. english is the national Language of great britain. african americans are one of many ethnic groups that reside in the united states
the american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press. johns hopkins university press is in the united states. johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press. the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in the united states. In the united states one of the ethnic groups is asian americans and the united states speak english, same as in great britain.
a wizard of mars is from the united states where barack obama is the leader . a wizard of mars is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain.
asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where barack obama is the president . a wizard of mars originates from there and is written in english.
english is spoken in both great britain and the united states (home of barack obama) . a wizard of mars is from the united states.
barack obama is the leader of the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. english is spoken in the united states. a severed wasp is in the united states.
alan bean is the united states. alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. alan bean spent 100305 minutes in space . alan bean was chosen by NASA in 1963.
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14. the distinguished service medal by the united states navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. apollo 14 was operated by nasa. alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
chris patten served as a representative of british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. william anders was born in british hong kong. frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin is retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot.
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born edwin eugene aldrin jr. buzz aldrin was awarded 20. apollo 11 was operated by nasa.
the distinguished service medal by the united states navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california. alan shepard was born in new hampshire. alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
the distinguished service medal by the united states navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california. dianne feinstein is a senator in california. alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin. elliot see died in st. louis. elliot see was born in dallas. elliot see is the united states.
william anders was a fighter pilot. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. apollo 8 was operated by nasa. william anders was chosen by NASA in 1963.
the awh engineering college is in india. the awh engineering college was established in 2001. the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor. the ganges is a river in india.
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university. the visvesvaraya technological university is located in belgaum. the acharya institute of technology is in india. The campus address for the acharya institute of technology is : in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology is in india. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
the all india council for technical education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the acharya institute of technology. the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai. tennis is one of the sports offered at the acharya institute of technology. tennis has a Governing Body called the international tennis federation.
alba iulia is part of alba county. bucharest is the capital of romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. aarhus is governed by a magistrate.
kochi is the leader of kerala. the awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250. the awh engineering college is in kerala. the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor.
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania. bucharest is the capital of romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania. The anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!.
klaus iohannis is the leader of romania. alba iulia is in romania. bucharest is the capital of romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia.
amatriciana sauce comes from italy and is a sauce from lazio. One of amatriciana sauce ingredients is tomato while other main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and sergio mattarella.
arros negre, a dish from catalonia and spain. contains : cuttlefish, white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
arros negre, a dish from catalonia and spain. contains : white rice, white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
the parliament of catalonia is a leader in catalonia in spain. An ethnic group there are spaniards. arros negre is also from spain.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra that is found in malaysia. batak are an ethnic group of sumatra and the malay are an ethnic group from malaysia.
malaysia is the country asam pedas comes from in the sumatra region . Ethnic groups in sumatra include the minangkabau people and malays.
In the united states you can find bacon explosion, barack obama, asian americans, and washington dc
In the united states you can find bacon explosion, john roberts, asian americans, and washington dc
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich, which comes from the united kingdom and is a variation of the blt and the club sandwich.
a bacon sandwich are popular in the united kingdom and a bacon sandwich main ingredients are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce or condiments. a bacon sandwich has a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Two types of a dessert are cookies and baked alaska. baked alaska is a dish from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
baked alaska is available paris, new york or hong kong, baked alaska main ingredients are , meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding and sponge cake is also an ingredient , baked alaska is very popular in the united states.
baked alaska hails from hong kong and also found in france, united states and china all, baked alaska main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding. baked alaska main ingredient is meringue.
baked alaska hails from hong kong and also found in the united states, baked alaska main ingredients of baked alaska are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding. baked alaska main ingredient is ice cream.
bakewell pudding is from the the derbyshire dales region , which is part of derbyshire. bakewell tart is bakewell pudding variant , but has fruit preserves as an ingredient .
bakso, a dish that originates from indonesia, contains tapioca. bakso contains ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots. bakso is a popular dish in in the indonesian region and also in the neighbouring southeast asian countries.
bakso is from the indonesia region . noodles is an ingredient in bakso. bakso is in indonesia. The main ingredients of bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
bandeja paisa, a dish containing kidney beans, is part of colombian cuisine and from the paisa region. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
bandeja paisa is available the paisa region, bandeja paisa main ingredients are , red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon and hogao is also an ingredient , bandeja paisa is very popular in colombian cuisine.
barny cakes are found in france where french is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande.
batagor is a food originates from indonesia. batagor variations are siomay and shumai, which contains shiitake among siomay ingredients .
batchoy is in the philippines. The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef. pork is an ingredient in batchoy. batchoy is from the la paz, iloilo city region .
chicken is an ingredient in batchoy. batchoy is in the philippines. batchoy is soup. The main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
beef kway teow, a dish from nationwide in singapore and indonesia and singapore. contains : sesame oil, kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is found in the countries of singapore and indonesia and also singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob.
beef kway teow hails from singapore and also found in indonesia, beef kway teow main ingredients of beef kway teow are kway teow, beef tender loin, gula melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil. beef kway teow main ingredient is sesame oil.
vegetables is an ingredient in bhajji (bhaji or bajji) , which is from karnataka, india.
bhajji is from the karnataka region . The main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables. bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji. vegetables is an ingredient in bhajji.
The main ingredient of binignit is sago. binignit also contains sweet potato, which belongs to flowering plants and is of the order of solanales.
binignit hails from visayas and also found in the philippines, binignit main ingredients of binignit are coconut milk. binignit main ingredient is sago.
bionico is from the jalisco region of mexico. bionico is a dessert that includes granola.
bionico, a dish from guadalajara and mexico. contains : sour cream, chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
bionico is a dessert found in mexico. The leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo and cookies is also a dessert.
bakso is a food containing tapioca ; bakso is found in indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
ayam penyet is a food found in singapore, java. ayam penyet leader is tony tan and ayam penyet ethnic group are baduy.
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and ethnic groups include ilocano people and zamboangans.
zamboangans and the igorot people are both ethnic groups in the philippines. batchoy is eaten there . In addition arabic is one of the languages spoken in the philippines.
binignit comes from the philippines where they speak philippine english. cookies is also a dessert, fun fact !
binignit comes from the philippines where they speak philippine english. sandesh is also a dessert, fun fact !
1634: the bavarian crisis was followed by ring of fire ii. english is spoken in ring of fire ii. 1634: the bavarian crisis was preceded by grantville gazette ii. 1634: the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint. grantville gazette ii was preceded by the grantville gazette.
administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university. cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities. cornell university is affiliated with the association of american universities. elizabeth garrett is the President of cornell university. cornell university is located in ithaca, new york.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press, located in the united states. a loyal character dancer is written in english, which is also spoken in great britain. african americans is one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press, located in the united states. a loyal character dancer is written in english, which is also spoken in great britain. native americans is one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
english is spoken in great britain and the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . a loyal character dancer was published by soho press who are located in the united states.
the united states and great britain both use english of english. It is in the united states that a severed wasp originates . the united states is home to the ethnic group of native americans and has washington dc as the united states capital .
the novel into battle is in australia. the novel into battle was followed by the violet keystone. above the veil was followed by the novel into battle. above the veil was preceded by aenir. aenir was preceded by the novel castle.
a severed wasp was written in the united states in english, which is also spoken in great britain. the united states is home to asian americans and is led by barack obama.
a severed wasp was published in the united states, where barack obama is leader , and english is spoken (as in great britain) . the united states includes many asian americans.
1634: the ram rebellion comes from the united states and followed 1634: the galileo affair. 1634: the ram rebellion comes from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . washington dc is washington dc and barack obama is President .
1634: the ram rebellion comes from the united states, where barack obama is the President , and the united states capital city is washington dc. the american inhabit the united states, with a sub-group being african americans.
a wizard of mars is from the united states, the united states with the president, many asian americans, and english (also spoken in great britain) .
albany, georgia is part of georgia. the united states is led by the president. the american inhabit the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. albany, georgia is in the united states.
alpharetta, georgia is in the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. atlanta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of georgia. alpharetta, georgia is part of fulton county, georgia.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. potter county, texas is in texas. texas is in the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. english is spoken in the united states.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. english is spoken in texas. potter county, texas is in texas. amarillo is in the united states. austin is the capital of texas.
amarillo is part of potter county, texas. english is spoken in texas. potter county, texas is in texas. potter county, texas is in the united states. austin is the capital of texas.
anderson, indiana is part of fall creek township, madison county, indiana. fall creek township, madison county, indiana is in the united states. anderson, indiana is part of anderson township, madison county, indiana. The population density of anderson, indiana is 523.9 people per square kilometer. The total area of anderson, indiana is 107.43 square kilometres.
antioch, california is part of contra costa county. antioch, california is part of california. english is spoken in california. contra costa county is part of the san francisco bay area, in california. antioch, california is led by california's 11th state assembly district.
The land area , of atlanta, is 344.9 square kilometres. The population density of atlanta is 1299 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code for atlanta is 404. atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia. The total area of atlanta is 347.1 sqkm.
attica, indiana is part of the united states. The total area of attica, indiana is 4.14 square kilometres. attica, indiana is located at 166.0 above sea level . attica, indiana is part of logan township, fountain county, indiana. The population density of attica, indiana is 783.1 inhabitants per sq km.
auburn, alabama is part of lee county. alabama is in the united states. lee county is in alabama. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states.
auburn, washington is part of pierce county, washington. auburn, washington is in the united states. auburn, washington is part of king county, washington. The population density of auburn, washington is 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre. The total area of auburn, washington is square kilometres 77.41.
austin is part of texas. english is spoken in texas. austin is part of williamson county, texas. round rock is the largest city in williamson county, texas. georgetown is the county seat of williamson county, texas.
austin is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas. san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin is part of hays county, texas. english is spoken in texas.
austin is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas. spanish is spoken in texas. san marcos is the county seat of hays county, texas. austin is part of hays county, texas.
indianapolis is the capital of indiana. alexandria, indiana is part of indiana. indiana is in the united states. american english is spoken in indiana. alexandria, indiana is part of madison county, indiana.
fort worth is the county seat of tarrant county in texas. spanish is spoken in texas. arlington is part of tarrant county in texas. arlington is part of texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county in texas. austin is the capital of texas. arlington is part of tarrant county in texas. arlington is part of texas. texas is in the united states.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. white americans are an ethnic group in the united states. new jersey is in the united states. new york city is the largest city in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
the american inhabit the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. albany, oregon is in the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. albany, oregon is part of linn county, oregon.
the american inhabit the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. albany, oregon is part of oregon. albany, oregon is in the united states.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. english is spoken in the united states. angola, indiana is part of steuben county. the american inhabit the united states. angola, indiana is in the united states.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. auburn, alabama is part of lee county. lee county is in the united states. lee county is in alabama. washington dc is the capital of the united states.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. auburn, alabama is part of lee county. opelika is the county seat of lee county. lee county is in the united states. auburn, alabama is part of alabama.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. newark is the largest city in new jersey. trenton is the capital of new jersey. new jersey is in the united states. atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
english is spoken in the united states. albuquerque, new mexico is part of new mexico. the united states is led by the president. The leader of the united states is barack obama. albuquerque, new mexico is in the united states.
english is spoken in the united states. angola, indiana is part of steuben county. the american inhabit the united states. angola, indiana is in the united states. asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
The leader of the united states is barack obama. washington dc is the capital of the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. akron, ohio is in the united states. akron, ohio is part of summit county, ohio.
the united states is led by the president. the american inhabit the united states. albany, georgia is in the united states. albany, georgia is part of the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument stands in gettysburg, in seminary ridge. the united states @ the 11th mississippi infantry monument, built in 2000 is classed as a contributing property.
adams county has to its southeast carroll county, maryland. adams county has cumberland county to adams county north . frederick county, maryland is to the southwest of adams county. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. azerbaijan is led by the prime minister of azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan. artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan.
baku is the capital of azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan. artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan. the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan.
turkey is led by the president of turkey. The leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu. ankara is the capital of turkey. istanbul is the largest city in turkey. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
the awh engineering college was established in 2001. the awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250. the awh engineering college is in kerala. kerala has to its northwest mahe. the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology. The number of post graduate students at the acharya institute of technology is about 700. The campus address for the acharya institute of technology is : in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. the acharya institute of technology is in india. The number of post graduate students at the acharya institute of technology is about 700. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
The headquarters of the european university association is in brussels. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. denmark is led by monarchy of denmark. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association.
mumbai is the largest city in india. the awh engineering college is in india. the awh engineering college was established in 2001. the awh engineering college has an academic staff of 250. the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor.
mumbai is the largest city in india. the awh engineering college is in india. kochi is the leader of kerala. the awh engineering college is in kerala. the ganges is a river in india.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. The headquarters of the european university association is in brussels. aarhus has to aarhus northeast mols. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association. aarhus is governed by a magistrate.
baymax was created by the american, duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle. baymax appeared in big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk.
michele marcolini has been manager of a.c. lumezzane which is located in italy. michele marcolini played for vicenza calcio, fc bari 1908. An italy leader is pietro grasso.
stuart parker has been manager of a.f.c. blackpool which is located in blackpool. stuart parker played for stockport county fc, chesterfield fc. An blackpool leader is the labour party.
s.s. robur siena are champions of serie d in which a.s. gubbio 1910 also play . a.s. gubbio 1910 have a.s. gubbio 1910 home ground located in italy which is lead by sergio mattarella and uses italian.
Located in marousi, the olympic stadium (athens) is the ground for aek athens fc. The manager of aek athens fc is gus poyet, whose club is real zaragoza, and who has played for chelsea f.c..
The leader of italy is pietro grasso. italians inhabit italy. rome is the capital of italy. a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in italy. italian is spoken in italy.
italian is the official language of italy. italians inhabit italy. rome is the capital of italy. The leader of italy is sergio mattarella. a.s. gubbio 1910 ground is in italy.
arem-arem originates from nationwide in indonesia, but is more specific to java. indonesia leader 's name is jusuf kalla. and the currency is the indonesian rupiah. The language is indonesian.
The capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur, and two ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malay. asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula.
The capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur, and two ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indian. asam pedas is a dish from sumatra and malay peninsula.
The capital of malaysia is kuala lumpur, and two ethnic groups include the malay and malaysian indian. asam pedas is a dish from sumatra.
the malay and malaysian indian are ethnic groups in malaysia. In malaysia, the leader is abu zahar ujang and malaysia is where asam pedas (coming from the malay peninsula) is found .
bacon explosion is in the united states. The main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage. bacon is an ingredient in bacon explosion. bacon explosion is from the the kansas city metropolitan area region . The main ingredients of bacon explosion are sausage.
bacon explosion is in the united states. white americans are an ethnic group in the united states. paul ryan is the leader of the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. english is spoken in the united states.
the blt is a variation of a bacon sandwich. The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon and a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. a bacon sandwich is in the united kingdom. ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich. a bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
french is the language spoken in france where the leaders are manuel valls and gerard larcher. baked alaska is a food found in hong kong.
lemon is a fruit of the rosids order and the family rutaceae family . lemon is an ingredient found in bandeja paisa. bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department region in colombia.
barny cakes is in france. gerard larcher is the leader of france. french is spoken in france. francois hollande is the leader of france. sponge cake is an ingredient in barny cakes.
batagor, a variation of siomay, comes from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay ; shumai is a variation of batagor.
batagor is in indonesia. joko widodo is the leader of indonesia. shiitake is an ingredient in shumai. siomay is a variation of batagor. shumai is a variation of siomay.
batagor, a variation of shumai, comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai ; siomay is a variation of batagor.
bhajji bhaji or bajji, contains gram flour and gram flour and vegetables ; bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india.
bhajji is from the karnataka region of india. karnataka is led by vajubhai vala. t s thakur is the head of state of indians.
indians are from india, where sumitra mahajan and t s thakur are leaders . bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india.
bionico is in mexico. bionico is a dessert. The main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. bionico is from the guadalajara region . sour cream is an ingredient in bionico.
bionico is a food found in mexico where they speak spanish and the leader is enrique pena nieto. bionico is a dessert that can sometimes include honey.
bionico is in mexico. silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico. bionico is from the jalisco region . honey is a variation of bionico. bionico is a dessert.
carles puigdemont is the leader of catalonia. arros negre is in spain. spaniards are an ethnic group in spain. felipe vi is the leader of spain. arros negre is from the catalonia region .
In italy, rome is the capital and two of the leaders are laura boldrini and matteo renzi. italy is where the language is italian and amatriciana sauce can be found .
The capital of italy is rome and is where italians are from and amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce . The leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini.
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy, where rome is the capital and italian is the language spoken . pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy.
chicken is the main ingredient of fried chicken, which in turn is the main ingredient in ayam penyet. ayam penyet comes from both nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore and java (where the ethnic group are the javanese people) .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore, where english is spoken and tony tan is the leader . ayam penyet can be found in java, where the javanese people are one of the ethnic groups .
The languages spoken in the philippines are philippine spanish and arabic. batchoy is eaten there and the ethnic groups are zamboangans and the chinese filipino.
spanish is spoken in spain. ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia. ajoblanco is in spain. spaniards are an ethnic group in spain.
felipe vi is the leader of spain. ajoblanco is from the andalusia region . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia. ajoblanco is in spain. spaniards inhabit spain.
alan bean is the united states. alan bean was a test pilot. alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. alan bean was chosen by NASA in 1963. alan bean is retired.
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14. the distinguished service medal by the united states navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard was born in new hampshire. apollo 14 was operated by nasa. alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
apollo 8 was commanded by frank borman. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. william anders is the united states. william anders was born in british hong kong. apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot. apollo 11 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin is retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin is retired. apollo 11 's backup pilot was william anders. apollo 11 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930. apollo 11 's backup pilot was william anders. apollo 11 was operated by nasa.
california gemstone the gem benitoite. alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14. alan shepard died in california. dianne feinstein is a senator in california. apollo 14 was operated by nasa.
the distinguished service medal by the united states navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard is the united states. alan shepard died in california. alan shepard was born in new hampshire. alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders is the united states. william anders was a fighter pilot. william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup in the central denmark region. margrethe ii is the leader of denmark and faroese is the local language .
adolfo suárez madrid–barajas airport is located 610 metres above sea level in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas, and operated by enaire. The runway , named 14l/32r has a length of 4100.0.
agra airport in india is operated by the indian air force and has the ICAO location identifier of viag. agra airport is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway 1818 in length .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force. The runway name is 08/26, is 3990.0 long and oraa is al asad airbase ICAO location identifier .
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq is operated by the united states air force. al asad airbase is 08/26 which is 3992.88 long , The ICAO Location Identifier of al asad airbase is oraa.
the united states air force has the lockheed ac-130, an attack aircraft , and the boeing c-17 globemaster iii, a transport aircraft . the united states air force also has the general dynamics f-16 fighting falcon which is an aircraft fighter . , libya in 1986 is one of the battles of the united states air force which operates al asad airbase.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who were involved in battles at the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom. the united states air force deploy the lockheed c-130 hercules as transport aircraft , and the lockheed ac-130 on the united states air force aircraft carriers .
alderney airport, which serves alderney, has an elevation which is 88 metres above sea level and a runway , 08/26, which is 733.0 metres long . The surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae.
allama iqbal international airport serves and is located in the city of lahore, pakistan. the pakistan civil aviation authority operates allama iqbal international airport which has a runway named `` 18l/36r '' that is 3310.0 long .
allama iqbal international airport serves and is located in the city of lahore, punjab, pakistan. the pakistan civil aviation authority operates allama iqbal international airport which has a runway named `` 18r/36l '' that is 2900.0 long .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level . The runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0. alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan. maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is in the united states. alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena, michigan.
alpena county regional airport is located 210 metres above sea level at maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan. The runway name is 7/25 and alpena county regional airport has a length of 1533.0.
alpena county regional airport is located 210 metres above sea level at wilson township, alpena county, michigan and serves the city of alpena, michigan. The runway name is 1/19 and alpena county regional airport has a length of 2744.0.
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan. wilson township, alpena county, michigan is in the united states. alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level . The runway length of alpena county regional airport is 1533.0. alpena county regional airport serves the city of alpena, michigan.
luanda is served by angola international airport which is located at 159 meters above sea level in ícolo e bengo. The runway , known as `` 05l/23r '' is 3800.0 in length .
nikos voutsis and alexis tsipras are both leaders in greece. greek is used in greece which is the location of athens international airport serving the city of athens.
prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras are both leaders in greece. greek is used in greece which is the location of athens international airport serving the city of athens.
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city, new jersey. egg harbor township is part of new jersey. atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township. egg harbor township is in the united states. don guardian is the leader of atlantic city, new jersey.
philippe of belgium is the leader of belgium. antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp. charles michel is the leader of belgium. antwerp is in belgium. brussels is the capital of belgium.
egg harbor township is part of new jersey. The ICAO Location Identifier of atlantic city international airport is kacy. atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township. egg harbor township is in the united states. egg harbor township is part of atlantic county.
harrietstown is in the united states. saranac lake is part of harrietstown. lake placid is part of new york. adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid. adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake.
harrietstown is in the united states. saranac lake is part of harrietstown. saranac lake is part of essex county, new york. adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid. adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake.
the indian air force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the hal light combat helicopter. agra airport is located in uttar pradesh. uttar pradesh is part of awadh. agra airport is operated by the indian air force. uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand.
the indian air force has an aircraft-capable helicopter known as the hal light combat helicopter. agra airport is located in uttar pradesh. ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh. agra airport is operated by the indian air force. uttar pradesh is part of bundelkhand.
fuad masum and haider al-abadi are both leaders in iraq. arabic is used in iraq which is the location of al-taqaddum air base serving the city of fallujah.
200 public square is located in cleveland. 200 public square was completed in 1985. cleveland is part of cuyahoga county. cleveland is part of ohio. cleveland is in the united states.
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo, new york. The architectural style of 250 delaware avenue is a postmodern style. The construction of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014. 250 delaware avenue has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres. 250 delaware avenue has 12 floors .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago. rahm emanuel is the leader of chicago. chicago is in the united states. springfield is the capital of illinois. chicago is part of illinois.
marriott international, which was founded in washington dc, is the current tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark. The Prime Minister of denmark is margrethe ii and faroese is one of the languages spoken .
the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark, where greenlandic is spoken . marriott international, founded in washington dc, is currently the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen tenant , and bill marriott is a key leader in marriott international.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where one of the languages is greenlandic. the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen is located in denmark and currently tenanted by marriott international which was founded in washington dc.
adare manor is in the republic of ireland. The architect of adare manor is augustus pugin. One of the significant buildings designed by augustus pugin is the palace of westminster. augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury. enda kenny is the leader of the republic of ireland.
addis ababa city hall was completed in 1964. the government of addis ababa is the current tenant of addis ababa city hall. The construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961. addis ababa city hall has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres. addis ababa city hall has a height of 42 metres.
the akita museum of art is in japan. the akita museum of art has 3 floors . the akita museum of art is located in akita. the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture. The address of the akita museum of art is 142 nakadori.
chinese people are an ethnic group within japan which is lead by tarō asō. japan @ the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita prefecture.
alan b miller hall is located in virginia. The architect of alan b miller hall is robert a.m. stern. alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary. the mason school of business is in the united states. the mason school of business is the current tenant of alan b miller hall.
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad. ahmedabad is in india. amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat. sumitra mahajan is the leader of india. gujarat is led by the gujarat legislative assembly.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka. ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka. ampara hospital is in eastern province. ampara hospital is from the ampara district region . austin fernando is the leader of eastern province.
ampara hospital is in sri lanka. ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka. ampara hospital is in eastern province. the eastern provincial council is the governing body of eastern province. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka.
julia morgan is an architect born in san francisco who designed several significant projects . These include asilomar conference grounds, the los angeles herald examiner building, asilomar state beach and hearst castle.
julia morgan is an architect born in san francisco who designed several significant projects . These include asilomar conference grounds, the riverside art museum, asilomar state beach and hearst castle.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city in the united states Both manhattan (led by cyrus vance jr) and new netherland are a part of new york city.
103 colmore row was designed by john madin who was born in birmingham, with the b postcode. labour politician, john clancy is one of the leaders of birmingham, alongside birmingham city council.
barack obama and john roberts are leaders in the united states which is lead by the president. The capital is washington dc and the united states is the location of 250 delaware avenue.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in the united states. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in seminary ridge. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is in pennsylvania. the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property.
adams county is East of franklin county. adams county has to its southeast carroll county, maryland. adams county has cumberland county to adams county north . frederick county, maryland is to the southwest of adams county. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is categorised as a contributing property. the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county.
The leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade. baku is the capital of azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is made from red granite and white marble. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan. turk sehitleri aniti is the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial. artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner.
the monocacy national battlefield is located in frederick county, maryland. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established in 1907-07-11. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in the united states. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is categorised as a historic district in the united states. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is in maryland.
alan bean is the united states. alan bean was a test pilot. alan bean was born on march 15, 1932. alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. alan bean spent 100305 minutes in space . alan bean is retired.
alan shepard served as a crew member of apollo 14. the distinguished service medal by the united states navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california. alan shepard was born in new hampshire. apollo 14 was operated by nasa. alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
apollo 12 's backup pilot was alfred worden. alan bean served as a crew member of apollo 12. apollo 12 was operated by nasa. alan bean retired on june 1981. apollo 12 was commanded by david scott. alan bean was born alan lavern bean.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. apollo 11 's backup pilot was william anders. apollo 11 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot. apollo 11 's backup pilot was william anders. apollo 11 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930.
california gemstone the gem benitoite. smilodon is a fossil from california. the distinguished service medal by the united states navy is higher than the department of commerce gold medal. alan shepard died in california. dianne feinstein is a senator in california. alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders is the united states. william anders was a fighter pilot. william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. william anders was born in british hong kong. apollo 8 's backup pilot was buzz aldrin. frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s. apollo 8 's backup pilot was buzz aldrin. frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. apollo 8 was operated by nasa. william anders is retired.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in switzerland. The dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in ticino.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka. the acharya institute of technology is in india. The number of post graduate students at the acharya institute of technology is about 700. The campus address for the acharya institute of technology is : in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000. the acharya institute of technology is in india. The campus address for the acharya institute of technology is : in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore – 560090. the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. The headquarters of the european university association is in brussels. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. denmark is led by monarchy of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association. In denmark the main religion is the church of denmark.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. The headquarters of the european university association is in brussels. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association.
mumbai is the largest city in india. the awh engineering college is in india. the awh engineering college was established in 2001. kochi is the leader of kerala. the awh engineering college is in kerala. the ganges is a river in india.
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania. klaus iohannis is the leader of romania. The patron Saint of romania is andrew the apostle. bucharest is the capital of romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania. The anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. There are 16000 students at the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928.
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey. ankara is the capital of turkey. istanbul is the largest city in turkey. the ataturk monument is made from bronze. The currency of turkey is the turkish lira. the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
turkey is led by the president of turkey. The leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu. the ataturk monument was designed by pietro canonica. ankara is the capital of turkey. the ataturk monument is made from bronze. the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
turkey is led by the president of turkey. ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey. ankara is the capital of turkey. istanbul is the largest city in turkey. The currency of turkey is the turkish lira. the ataturk monument was inaugurated on 27 july 1932. the ataturk monument is located in turkey.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is in switzerland. The dean of the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is mario botta. There are 600 students at the accademia di architettura di mendrisio. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio has an academic staff of 100. the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio. switzerland is led by federal chancellor.
b.m. reddy is the President of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore. dr. g. p. prabhukumar is the director of the acharya institute of technology. the acharya institute of technology was established in 2000. the acharya institute of technology motto is nurturing excellence. the acharya institute of technology is in india. the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka.
the all india council for technical education was proud to give the Technical Campus status to the acharya institute of technology. the all india council for technical education is located in mumbai. karnataka has to karnataka northeast telangana. tennis is one of the sports offered at the acharya institute of technology. karnataka is East of the arabian sea. the acharya institute of technology is in karnataka. tennis has a Governing Body called the international tennis federation.
the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania. romania is led by prime minister. alba iulia is in romania. klaus iohannis is the leader of romania. bucharest is the capital of romania. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia. The anthem of romania is called deșteaptă-te, române!.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has an academic staff of 737. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. The headquarters of the european university association is in brussels. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. denmark is led by monarchy of denmark. lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association. aarhus is governed by a magistrate.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association. The dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen. There are 16000 students at the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is in denmark. The latin name of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is `` universitas aarhusiensis '' . the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928.
alan bean is the united states. alan bean was a test pilot. alan bean was born on march 15, 1932. alan bean graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b.s. alan bean served as a crew member of apollo 12. alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. alan bean is retired.
alan shepard is deceased. alan shepard graduated from nwc and graduated with an ma in 1957. alan shepard died in california. alan shepard was a test pilot. alan shepard was born in new hampshire. alan shepard was chosen by NASA in 1959. alan shepard was born on november 18th, 1923.
apollo 12 's backup pilot was alfred worden. alan bean served as a crew member of apollo 12. alan bean is the united states. apollo 12 was operated by nasa. alan bean was a test pilot. apollo 12 was commanded by david scott. alan bean was born in wheeler, texas.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. edwin e. aldrin jr. was commonly known as buzz aldrin. buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin spent 52 minutes in space . buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was a fighter pilot. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin was awarded 20. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930. buzz aldrin is retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930. buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963. apollo 11 was operated by nasa.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. buzz aldrin served as a crew member of apollo 11. buzz aldrin is retired. buzz aldrin is the united states. buzz aldrin graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science. apollo 11 's backup pilot was william anders. apollo 11 was operated by nasa.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders is the united states. william anders is retired. william anders was born on october 17, 1933. william anders was a fighter pilot. william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8. william anders is the united states. william anders was born in british hong kong. apollo 8 's backup pilot was buzz aldrin. frank borman was a member of the crew on apollo 8. apollo 8 was operated by nasa.
william anders retired on september 1, 1969. william anders was chosen by NASA in 1963. william anders spent 8820.0 minutes in space . william anders was born on october 17, 1933. william anders was a fighter pilot. william anders was born in british hong kong. william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Battle of Mine Run was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub in Office While Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal active Years End Date 1965-01-03.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway resides in Gravesend.
Adenan Satem graduated from University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras.
Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave won Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave military Rank Lieutenant colonel.
Airey Neave service Start Year 1935.
Albert B. White party United States Republican Party.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain military Branch Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales active Years Start Date 1875-03-04.
Battle of Chancellorsville was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers active Years Start Date 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers military Branch United States Army.
Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin active Years Start Date 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party.
American Civil War was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Austrian German is spoken in Austria.
Battle of Antietam was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Battle of Cold Harbor is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Gulf War was commanded by Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy predecessor Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus graduated from University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco.
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party.
Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands.
Spanish–American War was a battle involving United States Army.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
1955 Dodge is also known as Dodge Coronet.
1955 Dodge engine cubic inches 230.
A-Rosa Luna christening Date 2005-04-07.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna was operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16.
AIDAstella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AIDAstella maiden Voyage 2013-03-17.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador.
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine.
Acura TLX engine Honda K engine.
Acura TLX layout vehicle AWD.
Acura TLX related Mean Of Transportation Honda Accord.
Acura TLX transmission V6 "9-speed ZF 9HP automatic.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 transmission ZF 4HP18QE "4-speed automatic.
Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m.
Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alhambra top Speed 18.52.
Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed 25 model Start Year 1937.
American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m.
rocket Antares final Flight 2014-10-28.
rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre.
Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11.
Aston Martin V8 body Style Convertible.
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin.
Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16.
Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels.
Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Alfa Romeo 164.
Germans inhabit Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Guiana Space Centre headquarter is Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine manufacturer Honda.
The anthem of the united states is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
A.C. Milan chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
footballer Abner was born in brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent former Team Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC position Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. has a height of 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. play in National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played youth football for a.s. roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons is located in atlanta.
Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney.
Budapest is in Hungary.
english is spoken in Canada.
Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio.
The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
Finnish language is spoken in Finland.
Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.
Motherwell F.C. ground is in Fir Park.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis Rams is located in st. louis.
Tennessee Titans is located in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram active Years Start Year 1998.
Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer record Label Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is Progressive metal.
Abradab background solo singer.
Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in poland.
Abradab is Hip hop music.
Agustín Barboza is music Guarania.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is Rock music.
Albennie Jones associated Band/associated Musical Artist Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Soul music.
Alex Day is Synthpop.
Alfredo Zitarrosa associated Band/associated Musical Artist Héctor Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on 1981-02-04.
Allen Forrest is Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in chicago.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow.
musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns instrument Guitar.
Hip hop music music Subgenre Gangsta rap.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk.
Indie rock stylistic Origin New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in london.
RCA Records distributing Company Sony Music Entertainment.
Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues.
Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music.
british people inhabit the united kingdom.
19255  1994 VK8 density gram Per Cubic Centimetres 2.0.
29075  1950 DA discoverer Carl A. Wirtanen.
410777  2009 FD absolute Magnitude 22.1.
410777  2009 FD apoapsis kilometres 259776702.47055.
66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0252.
1001 Gaussia was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia maximum Temperature kelvins 165.0.
101 Helena apoapsis kilometres 441092000.0.
101 Helena epoch 2006-12-31.
101 Helena mass kilograms 3.0.
1036 Ganymed average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.86.
103 Hera absolute Magnitude 7.66.
103 Hera mass kilograms 7.9.
107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08.
107 Camilla discoverer A. Storrs.
1089 Tama was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;.
1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846.
1097 Vicia average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 17.92.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31.
1097 Vicia rotation Period 95040.0.
109 Felicitas discoverer Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76.
1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone temperature kelvins 173.0.
James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze. Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna. Abdulsalami Abubakar graduated from Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff. Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff. Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe.
World War II was a battle involving Abner W. Sibal. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army. the korean war was a battle involving United States Army.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway resides in Gravesend. Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
World War I was a battle involving Adam Koc. Adam Koc won Virtuti Militari.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave won Military Cross. Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1974-03-04.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. Battle of France was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. World War II was commanded by Franklin D. Roosevelt.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White death Year 1941. Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert B. White profession Politician. Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22.
Albert Jennings Fountain (born in new york city) died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain in Office While Vice President Edmund J. Davis. Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain party United States Republican Party. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york city.
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria. Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales worked At, worked As office Governor of North Carolina. Alfred Moore Scales successor politician James W. Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle. Daniel Gould Fowle graduated from Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office the united states house of representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army. American Civil War was a battle involving United States Army.
World War II was a battle involving Allan Shivers. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur "Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4.
Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur "Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4. Allan Shivers successor Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23. Alvah Sabin worked At, worked As office Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is in Netherlands, where the currency is the euro.
Agnes Kant comes from Netherlands where Mark Rutte is a leader .
Parkersburg, West Virginia is in the united states. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Aaron Boogaard plays for Wichita Thunder. Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. The manager of Peñarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team. Adam Maher plays for az alkmaar.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. Adam Maher plays for Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C.. Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team. Akeem Adams plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots. Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39.
Akeem Ayers former Team Tennessee Titans. Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39.
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987. Akeem Dent was born on 1987-09-27.
Akeem Priestley plays for Connecticut Huskies. Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS. Akeem Priestley plays for Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Khor Sports Club. Al-Khor Sports Club ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. footballer Alan Martin plays for Leeds United F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. Hamilton Academical F.C. ground is in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. FC Tom Tomsk play in Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989. Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays for Pallacanestro Cantù. Alex Tyus was born on 1988-01-08.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C..
Conservative Party of Canada is the leader of Brandon, Manitoba. Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada.
english is spoken in Canada. Adam Mc Quaid was born in Canada.
The manager of FC Dinamo Batumi is Levan Khomeriki. Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi.
FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
Ro PS play in Veikkausliiga. Akeem Priestley plays for Ro PS.
United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
Aaron Deer is Psychedelia. Aaron Deer instrument Guitar.
Aaron Deer origin the united states. Aaron Deer origin indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner is Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner instrument Singing. Aaron Turner is Avant-garde metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik. Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born in Katowice on 1978-11-12.
Abradab was born in Katowice. Abradab was born in poland.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.
Ace Wilder record Label Warner Music Group. Ace Wilder background solo singer.
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay. Agustín Barboza record Label Philips Records.
Alan Frew is Rock music. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.
Alan Frew is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music.
Albennie Jones is Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is Soul music. Aleksandra Kovač active Years Start Year 1990.
Alex Day is Synthpop. Synthpop stylistic Origin New wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer. Alfredo Zitarrosa is music Milonga.
Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer. Alfredo Zitarrosa is Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa (born in Montevideo) died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is artform Zamba. Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Plastik Mak. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is Folk rock. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Alternative rock music Subgenre Christian alternative rock. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Phil Lesh and Friends. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues. Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is Rhythm and blues. Anders Osborne record Label Shanachie Records.
singer Andra is Pop music. singer Andra active Years Start Year 2000.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mark Sixma.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren.
musician Andrew White is Alternative rock. Alternative rock stylistic Origin New wave music.
Country music instrument Banjo. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Country music.
Polydor Records is located in london. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records.
19255  1994 VK8 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0925. 19255  1994 VK8 apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
410777  2009 FD apoapsis kilometres 259776702.47055. 410777  2009 FD minimum Temperature kelvins 211.0.
410777  2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0. 410777  2009 FD discoverer Spacewatch.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04. 66063  1998 RO1 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0999.
66391  1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14. 66391  1999 KW4 orbital Period 16244700.0.
66391  1999 KW4 epoch 2004-07-14. 66391  1999 KW4 rotation Period 9953.28.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.86. 1036 Ganymed apoapsis kilometres 611961000.0.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade was born in German Empire.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade is Germany.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson is Canada.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB;.
1089 Tama temperature kelvins 179.0. 1089 Tama apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31. 1097 Vicia periapsis 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas apoapsis kilometres 523329000.0. 109 Felicitas temperature kelvins 170.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31. 109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas rotation Period 47487.6. 109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968. 10 Hygiea temperature kelvins 164.0.
10 Hygiea was formerly called A900 GA. 10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31. 110 Lydia mass kilograms 6.7.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31. 110 Lydia orbital Period 142603000.0.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship. A-Rosa Luna length millimetres 125800.0.
A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22. A-Rosa Luna length millimetres 125800.0.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. AIDAluna was operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAluna top Speed 40.744. AIDAluna length millimetres 252000.0.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16. AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works. ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALV X-1 diameter metres 1.524. ALV X-1 rocket Stages 2.
AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin. AMC Matador model Years 1974.
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A. Teague. Richard A. Teague employer Chrysler.
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo length millimetres 192000.0. V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is in Argentina.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company. Alvis Car and Engineering Company is located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle. Alvis Speed 25 engine cubic Centimetres 4387.0.
Alvis Speed 25 transmission single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , spiral bevel fully floating back axle. Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors.
rocket Antares maiden Flight 2014-01-09. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
V-2 ARA Veinticinco de Mayo comes from Argentina where Gabriela Michetti is a leader .
Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3. Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space.
Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space. Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space.
Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage. Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II final Flight 1998-03-16. Atlas II diameter 3.04 m.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Atlas II manufacturer Lockheed Martin.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi belongs to the division of Audi e-tron.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi subsidiary Ducati.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi subsidiary Quattro Gmb H.
A key person at Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base. rocket Antares comparable Delta II.
Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland.
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat. American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat.
MTU Friedrichshafen is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings. A-Rosa Luna power Type MTU Friedrichshafen.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom.
Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
Ab Klink graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. Ab Klink party Christian Democratic Appeal. Ab Klink was born in Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub has Deputy Stephen Yong Kuet Tze. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State. Abdulsalami Abubakar graduated from Technical Institute, Kaduna. Abdulsalami Abubakar worked At, worked As office Nigeria Chief of the Defence Staff.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Air Force. Olusegun Obasanjo in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army. Olusegun Obasanjo in Office While Vice President Atiku Abubakar.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas. Abel Caballero worked At, worked As office Member of the Congress of Deputies. Abel Caballero was born in Spain Galicia.
Abel Caballero was born in spain. Abel Caballero was born in Spain Galicia. Abel Caballero party Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
World War II was a battle involving Abner W. Sibal. Abner W. Sibal military Branch United States Army. World War II was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal worked At, worked As office Member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District. Abner W. Sibal party United States Republican Party. Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens.
Gulf War was a battle involving Adam Holloway. Gulf War was commanded by George H. W. Bush. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards.
Adam Holloway party the conservative party (uk). Adam Holloway was born in Faversham. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland. Polish–Soviet War was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Polish–Soviet War is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War. Polish–Soviet War was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Minister for Health. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras. Greece New Democracy colour Blue. Adonis Georgiadis party Greece New Democracy.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant party Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Member of the House of Representatives. Agnes Kant was born in West Germany. Agnes Kant graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30.
World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1974-03-04. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30.
Albert B. White death Year 1941. Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22. Albert B. White date Of Death 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White. Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island. Albert Jennings Fountain died in the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york city. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in the united states. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. Buenos Aires City Legislature is the governing body of Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas. Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Port Arthur "Member of the Texas State Senate from District 4. Allan Shivers party the democratic party of the us. Allan Shivers successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr..
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03. Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont region . Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party. Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23. Henry Clay is the leader of United States Whig Party.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party. Daniel Webster is the leader of United States Whig Party. Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont.
American Civil War was commanded by Abraham Lincoln. American Civil War was a battle involving Albert Jennings Fountain. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the united states.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Battle of Fredericksburg was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales. Battle of Fredericksburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. Alfons Gorbach was born in County of Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria. Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Battle of Salem Church was commanded by Robert E. Lee. Battle of Salem Church is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War. Battle of Salem Church was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett.
The currency of Netherlands is the euro. Ab Klink was born in Stellendam. Ab Klink is Netherlands.
Polish language is spoken in poland. Adam Koc is poland. Kashubians are an ethnic group in poland.
19255  1994 VK8 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0925. 19255  1994 VK8 mass kilograms 5.6. 19255  1994 VK8 apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
410777  2009 FD orbital Period 39447000.0. 410777  2009 FD periapsis 88234300000.0. 410777  2009 FD discoverer Spacewatch.
66063  1998 RO1 minimum Temperature degree Celsius -71.0. 66063  1998 RO1 maximum Temperature kelvins 500.0. 66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66391  1999 KW4 average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 37.16. 66391  1999 KW4 density gram Per Cubic Centimetres 2.0. 66391  1999 KW4 apoapsis kilometres 162164091.8388.
1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0. 1000 Piazzia periapsis 352497000000.0. 1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27.
1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27. 1001 Gaussia was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC. 1001 Gaussia periapsis kilometres 419113394.55312.
101 Helena mass kilograms 3.0. 101 Helena escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0348. 101 Helena apoapsis kilometres 441092000.0.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade is Germany. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. 103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
103 Hera epoch 2011-08-27. 103 Hera orbital Period days 1622.213. 103 Hera apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.
103 Hera escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0482. 103 Hera temperature kelvins 170.0. 103 Hera apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham. N. R. Pogson is england.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;. 1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama periapsis 288749000000.0. 1089 Tama apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31. 1097 Vicia was formerly called 1928 PC. 1097 Vicia periapsis 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31. 109 Felicitas mass kilograms 7.5. 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31. 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0. 109 Felicitas apoapsis kilometres 523329000.0.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76. 10 Hygiea orbital Period days 5.57. 10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968.
10 Hygiea average Speed kilometre Per Seconds 16.76. 10 Hygiea surface Area square Kilometres 837080.744. 10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968.
10 Hygiea surface Area square Kilometres 837080.744. 10 Hygiea apoapsis kilometres 523951582.33968. 10 Hygiea temperature kelvins 164.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31. 110 Lydia mass kilograms 6.7. 110 Lydia periapsis 377016000000.0.
110 Lydia epoch 2006-12-31. 110 Lydia periapsis 377016000000.0. 110 Lydia apoapsis kilometres 440756000.0.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends. Suburban Legends is Pop music.
Aaron Deer is Indie rock. Aaron Deer origin indiana. Aaron Deer origin the united states.
Aaron Deer origin the united states. Aaron Deer is Psychedelia. Aaron Deer origin indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine. Aaron Turner is Black metal.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Greymachine. Aaron Turner is Drone music.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mamiffer. Aaron Turner is Ambient music.
Aaron Turner is Black metal. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Aaron Turner is Black metal. Aaron Turner instrument Singing. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik. Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44. Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik. Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44. Abradab origin Katowice.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay. Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. NRBQ band Al Anderson instrument Singing. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music.
Alan Frew is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.
Albennie Jones is Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues. Jazz music Fusion Genre Afrobeat.
Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues. Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2. Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bebi Dol. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač. Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kristina Kovač.
Alex Day is Synthpop. Synthpop stylistic Origin Pop music. Synthpop stylistic Origin Disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup.
the united kingdom Alfred Garth Jones was born in england and died in london.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london. Alfred Garth Jones is the united kingdom. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. the labour party is the leader of Manchester.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones died in london. boris johnson is the leader of london.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk. Alison O'Donnell record Label Static Caravan Recordings.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. Allen Forrest is Pop music. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Allen Forrest is Rhythm and blues. Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock. Alternative rock stylistic Origin New wave music.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne record Label Rabadash Records. Anders Osborne is Rock music. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra.
singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist singer Puya. singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist CRBL. singer Andra is Dance-pop.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist Andreea Bălan. singer Andra associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marius Moga.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. singer Andra background solo singer. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel is Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina. Andrew Rayel is Trance music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Christian Burns is House music. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs. musician Andrew White record Label defunct record label Universal Records.
Ska punk stylistic Origin Ska. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends. Aaron Bertram is Ska punk.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. Albennie Jones was born in the united states.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine. 1955 Dodge transmission 3-speed automatic. 1955 Dodge is also known as Dodge Coronet.
A-Rosa Luna ship Class Cruise ship. A-Rosa Luna length millimetres 125800.0. A-Rosa Luna ship Ordered 2004-01-22.
A-Rosa Luna ship Displacement tonnes 1850.0. A-Rosa Luna top Speed 24.0. A-Rosa Luna length millimetres 125800.0.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
AIDAstella christening Date 2013-03-16. AIDAstella ship In Service 2013-03-17. AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. the american inhabit the united states.
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states.
ALV X-1 diameter metres 1.524. ALV X-1 rocket Stages 2. ALV X-1 total Launches 1.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé production End Year 1958. Abarth 1000 GT Coupé body Style Coupé. Abarth 1000 GT Coupé engine Straight-four engine.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé wheelbase millimetres 2160.0. Abarth 1000 GT Coupé width 1.55. Abarth 1000 GT Coupé body Style Two door coupé.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Helsinki. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. rome is the capital of italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. rome is the capital of italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Arese. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m. Alhambra length millimetres 63800.0. Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m. Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31. Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company. Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Petrol.
American Motors fate automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors. A key person at American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. rocket Antares function Medium expendable launch system.
Ariane 5 manufacturer Arianespace. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom.
Atlas II country Origin the united states. Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base. Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Atlas II country Origin the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. the united states is led by the president.
Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Atlas II country Origin the united states. Atlas II launch Site Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2. Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels. Audi A1 body Style Hatchback.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation SEAT Ibiza. Audi A1 related Mean Of Transportation Volkswagen Polo.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in california Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Caterpillar Inc. is located in illinois. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states.
Guiana Space Centre headquarter is French Guiana. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3.
Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3.
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft. Neptun Werft location Country Germany.
the american inhabit the united states. Atlas II country Origin the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. Aaron Hunt played youth football for Goslarer SC 08. Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Aaron Hunt plays for Vf L Wolfsburg. The manager of Vf L Wolfsburg is Dieter Hecking. Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C.. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven. Adam Maher was born in Netherlands. Adam Maher plays for az alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C.. United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for W Connection F.C..
Akeem Ayers former Team Los Angeles Rams. Akeem Ayers draft Round 2. Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39.
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams. Akeem Ayers draft Round 2. Akeem Ayers draft Pick 39.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent was born on 1987-09-27. Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in iraq. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01. footballer Alan Martin plays for Clyde F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Motherwell F.C.. footballer Alan Martin plays for Accrington Stanley F.C.. Accrington Stanley F.C. ground is in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for Florida Panthers. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. draft Team Florida Panthers. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on 1995-09-02. Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia. Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Soviet Union.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for Russia national football B team. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. Olympique Lyonnais ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli plays for azal pfk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. Olympique Lyonnais ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais. Aleksandre Guruli plays for US Lesquin.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-16 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-16 football team. Italy national under-16 football team coach Daniele Zoratto. Alessio Romagnoli plays for a.s. roma.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria. Alessio Romagnoli was born in italy.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba. Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304. Alex Plante plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304. Alex Plante plays for Anyang Halla. Alex Plante was born in Canada.
Alex Tyus play in Euroleague. Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.
Alex Tyus play in Turkish Basketball Super League. Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C.. Maccabi Ashdod B.C. coach Zvi Sherf.
FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
FC Torpedo Moscow played in 2014–15 Russian Premier League. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C.. Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Sergey Sobyanin is the leader of Moscow. Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow.
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. footballer Abner plays for Brazil national under-20 football team. footballer Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla.
The manager of Real Madrid Castilla is Luis Miguel Ramis. footballer Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla. footballer Abner plays for c.d. fas.
st. louis is part of Greater St. Louis. Alex Tyus was born in st. louis. francis g. slay is the leader of st. louis.
Tennessee Titans is located in Nashville, Tennessee. Akeem Ayers former Team New England Patriots. Akeem Ayers debut Team Tennessee Titans.
United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen. The manager of SV Werder Bremen II is Alexander Nouri. Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II. SV Werder Bremen II play in the 3 liga league.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol. Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C..
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. Abel Hernández plays for Central Español. The manager of Peñarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo. U.S. Città di Palermo play in serie a.
Adam Mc Quaid was born in Prince Edward Island. Adam Mc Quaid was born on 1986-10-12. Adam Mc Quaid weight kilograms 94.8024. Adam Mc Quaid birth Year 1986.
Adam Mc Quaid draft Team Columbus Blue Jackets. Boston Bruins general Manager Don Sweeney. Columbus Blue Jackets is located in Columbus, Ohio. Adam Mc Quaid plays for Boston Bruins.
Akeem Ayers former Team St. Louis Rams. Akeem Ayers was born on 1989-07-10. Akeem Ayers debut Team Tennessee Titans. Akeem Ayers birth Year 1989.
Akeem Dent birth Year 1987. Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans. Akeem Dent was born on 1987-09-27. Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans. Akeem Dent was born on 1987-09-27. Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia.
Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Iraq national under-23 football team. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC ground is in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
footballer Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.. footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01. footballer Alan Martin has a height of centimetres 185.42. footballer Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
footballer Alan Martin plays for Scotland national under-21 football team. footballer Alan Martin was born on 1989-01-01. footballer Alan Martin has a height of centimetres 185.42. footballer Alan Martin plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C..
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. Aleksandr Prudnikov has a height of centimetres 185.0. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 1989-02-24. Aleksandr Prudnikov has a height of centimetres 185.0. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Rubin Kazan.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi. Aleksandre Guruli has a height of centimetres 178.0. Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Zestafoni.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989. Alex Plante plays for Anyang Halla. Alex Plante was born in Canada. Alex Plante was born on 1989-05-09.
Alex Plante birth Year 1989. Alex Plante has a height of 1.9304. Alex Plante plays for Anyang Halla. Alex Plante was born in Canada.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of Canada. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada. Inuktitut is spoken in Canada.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of Canada. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
The anthem of Canada is called O Canada. elizabeth ii is the leader of Canada. Slavey language is spoken in Canada. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
FC Terek Grozny ground is in Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar.
FC Torpedo Moscow played in 2014–15 Russian Premier League. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov. FC Torpedo Moscow chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov.
Houston Texans is located in texas. Akeem Dent debut Team Atlanta Falcons. Akeem Dent former Team Houston Texans. Houston Texans is located in houston.
Peñarol play in Uruguayan Primera División. Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. The manager of Hull City A.F.C. is Steve Bruce. Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C..
19255  1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31. 19255  1994 VK8 orbital Period 8788850000.0. 19255  1994 VK8 periapsis 6155910000000.0. 19255  1994 VK8 apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04. 66063  1998 RO1 orbital Period days 360.29. 66063  1998 RO1 escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0999. 66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815.
66063  1998 RO1 mean Temperature kelvins 265.0. 66063  1998 RO1 apoapsis kilometres 254989570.60815. 66063  1998 RO1 epoch 2013-11-04. 66063  1998 RO1 orbital Period days 360.29.
1000 Piazzia epoch 2015-06-27. 1000 Piazzia orbital Period 488160.0. 1000 Piazzia periapsis 352497000000.0. 1000 Piazzia escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0252.
1001 Gaussia discoverer Sergey Belyavsky. 1001 Gaussia epoch 2015-06-27. 1001 Gaussia was formerly called 1923 OAA907 XC. 1001 Gaussia periapsis kilometres 419113394.55312.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade was born in German Empire. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen. Walter Baade doctoral Student Allan Sandage.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade doctoral Student Halton Arp. Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade doctoral Student Halton Arp. Walter Baade died in West Germany. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. 103 Hera apoapsis kilometres 437170000.0.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson died in Chennai. 107 Camilla periapsis kilometres 479343000.0. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson died in Chennai. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham. 107 Camilla discovered 2001-03-01.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama was formerly called A894 VA; A904 VD;. 1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846. 1089 Tama periapsis 288749000000.0.
1089 Tama escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0068. 1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846. 1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1097 Vicia epoch 2006-12-31. 1097 Vicia mass kilograms 9.8. 1097 Vicia orbital Period 135589000.0. 1097 Vicia apoapsis kilometres 511592000.0.
109 Felicitas epoch 2006-12-31. 109 Felicitas orbital Period 139705000.0. 109 Felicitas periapsis 283326000000.0. 109 Felicitas escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0473.
10 Hygiea epoch 2015-06-27. 10 Hygiea was formerly called A900 GA. 10 Hygiea orbital Period days 5.57. 10 Hygiea periapsis 416136000000.0.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31. 1101 Clematis escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0. 1101 Clematis apoapsis kilometres 520906000.0.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31. 1101 Clematis was formerly called 1928 SJ. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0. 1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0.
1101 Clematis escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0. 1101 Clematis periapsis 445895000000.0. 1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31.
1955 Dodge engine V8 engine. 1955 Dodge manufacturer Dodge. 1955 Dodge transmission 3-speed automatic. 1955 Dodge wheelbase inches 120.0.
1955 Dodge related Mean Of Transportation De Soto Custom. De Soto Custom related Mean Of Transportation Chrysler Newport. De Soto Custom successor De Soto Firedome. De Soto Custom manufacturer automobile De Soto.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. American Locomotive Company location Country the united states. American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 power Type Diesel-electric transmission.
ALCO RS-3 builder Montreal Locomotive Works. ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. AMC Matador assembly Mexico City. AMC Matador body Style Station wagon. AMC Matador engine AMC V8 engine.
AMC Matador is also known as VAM Classic. AMC Matador assembly Kenosha, Wisconsin. AMC Matador class is Mid-size car. AMC Matador engine AMC straight-6 engine.
Acura TLX assembly Marysville, Ohio. Acura TLX class is Mid-size car. Acura TLX layout front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive. Acura TLX engine Honda K engine.
Acura TLX assembly Marysville Auto Plant. Acura TLX engine V6 engine. Acura TLX layout Front-engine design. Acura TLX class is Luxury vehicle.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov is In service. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland. Finns inhabit Finland. Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Helsinki.
icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov ship Beam 21.2. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov is In service. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Helsinki. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000. Alfa Romeo 164 engine Straight-four engine. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Saab 9000. Alfa Romeo 164 engine V6 engine.
Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m. Alhambra length millimetres 63800.0. Alhambra ship Launch 1855-05-31. Alhambra is Wrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company. Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Petrol. Alvis Car and Engineering Company successor Rover Company.
Alvis Speed 25 manufacturer Alvis Car and Engineering Company. Alvis Car and Engineering Company was founded in Coventry Alvis Speed 25 engine Straight-six engine. Alvis Car and Engineering Company successor Rover Company.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle. AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors. American Motors fate Chrysler. A key person at American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m. American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25. American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334. American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat.
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25. American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334. American submarine NR-1 length millimetres 45000.0. American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares final Flight 2014-10-28. rocket Antares maiden Flight 2013-04-21. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares maiden Flight 2013-04-21. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. rocket Antares final Flight 2013-09-18.
Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. london is the capital of the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage. Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage. Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Atlas II diameter 3.04 m. Atlas II final Flight 2002-12-05. Atlas II launch Site Vandenberg Air Force Base. Atlas II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi A1 class is Supermini. Audi A1 engine litres 1.2. Audi A1 layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. Audi A1 assembly Audi Brussels.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi was founded by August Horch. Audi belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. Audi subsidiary Ducati.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in illinois. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in california AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
Delta II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Delta II launch Site Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2. Delta II launch Site Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly italy. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 body Style automobile Sedan.
Fiat Croma related Mean Of Transportation Opel Vectra. Alfa Romeo 164 related Mean Of Transportation Fiat Croma. Alfa Romeo 164 assembly Milan. Alfa Romeo 164 body Style automobile Sedan.
General Dynamics is the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat. American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m. American submarine NR-1 builder General Dynamics Electric Boat. General Dynamics Electric Boat is located in Groton, Connecticut.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany. Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. Rostock is in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.
washington dc is the capital of the united states. english is spoken in the united states. Atlas II country Origin the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
the american inhabit the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. Atlas II country Origin the united states. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends. Suburban Legends band Member trombonist Brian Robertson. Aaron Bertram is Ska punk.
Aaron Deer background solo singer. Aaron Deer is Psychedelia. Aaron Deer origin indianapolis. Aaron Deer origin indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Isis. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Sumac. Aaron Turner is Electroacoustic music. Aaron Turner instrument Singing.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom. Aaron Turner is Post-metal. Aaron Turner active Years Start Year 1995.
Aaron Turner is Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Sumac. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm. Ace Wilder was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. Ace Wilder was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was Songwriter. Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was Songwriter. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden.
Ahmet Ertegun is Rhythm and blues. Ahmet Ertegun origin washington dc. Ahmet Ertegun background non performing personnel. Ahmet Ertegun origin the united states.
Ahmet Ertegun is Rock and roll. Ahmet Ertegun origin the united states. Rock and roll stylistic Origin Blues. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Albennie Jones active Years End Year 1950. Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.
Albennie Jones is Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues. african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Albennie Jones was born in the united states.
Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972. Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music. Aleksandra Kovač was born in Belgrade. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer. Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972. Aleksandra Kovač was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Chameleon Circuit. Alex Day is Acoustic music. Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell. Alex Day active Years Start Year 2006.
Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Chameleon Circuit. Alex Day is Electronic music. Alex Day associated Band/associated Musical Artist Charlie Mc Donnell. Alex Day active Years Start Year 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london. Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. Montevideo is in Uruguay. Uruguayans inhabit Uruguay. politician Daniel Martínez is the leader of Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa record Label RCA Records. Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay. Alfredo Zitarrosa is Candombe. Alfredo Zitarrosa background solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bajik. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music. Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Head South By Weaving. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music. Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records. Deram Records is located in london. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records. Deram Records is located in london. Alison O'Donnell record Label Fruits de Mer Records.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981. Allen Forrest is Acoustic music. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Allen Forrest birth Year 1981. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. Allen Forrest background solo singer.
Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. Alternative rock stylistic Origin Punk rock. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit. Anders Osborne is Rock music. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic.
Anders Osborne record Label Alligator Records. Alligator Records is Blues. Alligator Records is located in chicago. Anders Osborne record Label Shanachie Records.
singer Andra is Dance-pop. singer Andra was Singing. singer Andra was born in romania. singer Andra background solo singer.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues derivative Funk. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues. Rhythm and blues derivative Disco.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jonathan Mendelsohn. Andrew Rayel is Trance music. Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Trance music stylistic Origin House music. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel is Trance music.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock. musician Andrew White active Years Start Year 2003.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White record Label defunct record label Universal Records. musician Andrew White active Years Start Year 2003.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción. Agustín Barboza died in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay. Agustín Barboza died in Paraguay.
Country music instrument Banjo. NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Country music.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco. Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester. Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. the labour party is the leader of Manchester.
Post-metal instrument Cello. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist House of Low Culture. Aaron Turner is Post-metal.
band Twilight is Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Albennie Jones is Rhythm and blues. Rhythm and blues stylistic Origin Blues. Albennie Jones was born in the united states.
American Civil War was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Aaron S. Daggett died in West Roxbury. Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine.
Battle of the Wilderness was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart. Aaron S. Daggett died in West Roxbury. Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine.
Ab Klink graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam. Erasmus University Rotterdam is affiliated with Association of MBAs. Ab Klink worked At, worked As office Netherlands Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport. Ab Klink was born in Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Asajaya region . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Kuching. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia.
Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Asajaya region . Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem. Adenan Satem was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem. Adenan Satem was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo. Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya. Mike Akhigbe successor Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya. Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Al-Amin Daggash. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Air Force.
Abel Caballero in Office While Monarch Juan Carlos I of Spain. Juan Carlos I of Spain predecessor Francisco Franco. Abel Caballero in Office While Prime Minister Felipe González. Abel Caballero was born in Spain Galicia.
Abel Caballero worked At, worked As office Minister of Transport. Abel Caballero was born in Spain Galicia. Abel Caballero was born in spain. Abel Caballero party Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states.
Gulf War was a battle involving Adam Holloway. Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Adam Holloway active Years Start Date 2005-05-05. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Polish language is spoken in poland. Polish–Soviet War was commanded by Joseph Stalin. Adam Koc is poland.
Polish–Soviet War was a battle involving Adam Koc. Polish–Soviet War is Part Of Military Conflict Russian Civil War. Adam Koc died in new york city. Polish–Soviet War was commanded by Joseph Stalin.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Vice-President of New Democracy. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Greece Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis worked At, worked As office Member of the Hellenic Parliament. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. The currency of Netherlands is the euro. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives. Agnes Kant party Netherlands Socialist Party.
Leader , Mark Rutte, and Agnes Kant are both Netherlands.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Netherlands Socialist Party colour Red. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party. Agnes Kant party Netherlands Socialist Party.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1953-06-30. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30.
Battle of France was a battle involving Airey Neave. Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. Airey Neave active Years Start Date 1974-03-04. Airey Neave active Years End Date 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave unit Royal Artillery. Royal Artillery garrison Hohne. World War II was a battle involving Airey Neave. World War II was commanded by Chiang Kai-shek.
Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04. Albert B. White active Years Start Date 1901-03-04.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york. french is spoken in new york. American Civil War was commanded by Abraham Lincoln. American Civil War was a battle involving Albert Jennings Fountain.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york city. American Civil War was a battle involving Albert Jennings Fountain. American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Albert Jennings Fountain died in New Mexico Territory. Albert Jennings Fountain died in the united states. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in new york. Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires. Alberto Teisaire party Justicialist Party. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas. Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina.
Alfred Moore Scales successor Daniel Gould Fowle. Alfred Moore Scales worked At, worked As office Governor of North Carolina. Alfred Moore Scales party the democratic party of the us. Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips military Branch United States Army. Whiskey Rebellion was a battle involving United States Army. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Alfred N. Phillips party the democratic party of the us. Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Alfred N. Phillips party the democratic party of the us. Alfred N. Phillips successor Albert E. Austin. Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. Alfred N. Phillips worked At, worked As office Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers party the democratic party of the us. Allan Shivers successor Price Daniel. Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Governor of Texas.
Allan Shivers party the democratic party of the us. Allan Shivers successor Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.. Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. Allan Shivers worked At, worked As office Governor of Texas.
Alvah Sabin worked At, worked As office Secretary of State of Vermont. Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region . Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont. Alvah Sabin is in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin party United States Whig Party. Daniel Webster is the leader of United States Whig Party. Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont region . Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.
Battle of Gettysburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War. American Civil War was commanded by Robert E. Lee. Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving Aaron S. Daggett. Aaron S. Daggett won Purple Heart.
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire is Argentina. spanish is spoken in Argentina. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas. Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella ship Beam 32.2. AIDAstella top Speed 38.892. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella length millimetres 253260.0.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956. ALCO RS-3 engine Four-stroke engine.
ALCO RS-3 builder American Locomotive Company. ALCO RS-3 length millimetres 17068.8. ALCO RS-3 cylinder Count 12. ALCO RS-3 engine V12 engine. ALCO RS-3 build Date May 1950 - August 1956.
ALV X-1 country Origin the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. the american inhabit the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. The anthem of the united states is called The Star-Spangled Banner.
AMC Matador is also known as American Motors Matador. AMC Matador assembly Thames, New Zealand. AMC Matador body Style Station wagon. AMC Matador class is Mid-size car. AMC Matador engine AMC V8 engine.
Alhambra is owned by company P&O. company P&O is located in london. Alhambra ship Beam 8.3 m. Alhambra power Type Humphrys, Tennant and Dykes. Alhambra builder Samuda Brothers.
American Motors successor automobile Eagle. American Motors subsidiary Wheel Horse. AMC Matador manufacturer American Motors. American Motors fate Chrysler. A key person at American Motors is Roy D. Chapin, Jr..
American submarine NR-1 ship Launch 1969-01-25. American submarine NR-1 top Speed 8.334. American submarine NR-1 ship Draft 4.6 m. American submarine NR-1 length millimetres 45000.0. American submarine NR-1 ship Beam 3.8 m.
rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport. rocket Antares comparable Delta II. Delta II country Origin the united states. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 associated Rocket Minotaur IV.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares final Flight 2014-07-13. rocket Antares maiden Flight 2014-10-28. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. rocket Antares diameter metres 3.9.
rocket Antares manufacturer Yuzhnoye Design Office. rocket Antares maiden Flight 2014-10-28. rocket Antares launch Site Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. rocket Antares diameter metres 3.9. rocket Antares final Flight 2013-09-18.
Ariane 5 final Flight 2009-12-18. Ariane 5 maiden Flight 2005-08-11. Ariane 5 manufacturer Airbus Defence and Space. Ariane 5 launch Site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 diameter metres 5.4.
Arianespace is located in Courcouronnes. Guiana Space Centre headquarter is French Guiana. ELA-3 site Guiana Space Centre. Ariane 5 launch Site ELA-3. ELA-3 was operated by Arianespace.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin DBS successor Aston Martin Vantage. Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 manufacturer Aston Martin.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. Aston Martin V8 body Style Coupé. Aston Martin V8 engine litres 5.3. Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin RHAM/1. Aston Martin V8 assembly Newport Pagnell.
Aston Martin V8 related Mean Of Transportation Aston Martin DBS. elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 assembly the united kingdom. Aston Martin V8 successor Aston Martin Virage. Aston Martin Virage manufacturer Aston Martin.
Audi A1 engine litres 1.2. Audi A1 layout Front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. Audi A1 assembly Brussels, Belgium. Audi A1 class is Supermini. Audi A1 body Style Hatchback.
Audi A1 manufacturer Audi. Audi was founded by August Horch. Audi subsidiary Ducati. Audi belongs to the division of Audi e-tron. Audi subsidiary Lamborghini.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in california Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the united states Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
A key person at Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the united states AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
A key person at Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas R. Oberhelman. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the united states Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois. AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises. AIDAluna power Type Caterpillar Inc..
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa. Carnival Corporation & plc is the parent company of Costa Crociere. AIDAstella was operated by AIDA Cruises. AIDAstella builder Meyer Werft. AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere.
Finns inhabit Finland. Sami languages is spoken in Finland. Juha Sipilä is the leader of Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Finland. icebreaker Aleksey Chirikov builder Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Berlin is the capital of Germany. Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. Joachim Gauck is the leader of Germany. Rostock is in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.
Andreas Voßkuhle is the leader of Germany. Berlin is the capital of Germany. Neptun Werft is located in Rostock. Rostock is in Germany. A-Rosa Luna builder Neptun Werft.
the american inhabit the united states. washington dc is the capital of the united states. english is spoken in the united states. Atlas II country Origin the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
Abel Hernández played youth football for Peñarol. Central Español play in Uruguayan Segunda División. Abel Hernández plays for Central Español. The manager of Peñarol is Jorge Orosmán da Silva. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia. Valentina Matviyenko is the leader of Russia. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for Soviet Union national football team. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv. The manager of FC Karpaty Lviv is Oleh Luzhny. Olympique Lyonnais chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas. Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais. Olympique Lyonnais ground is in Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan. A.C. Milan play in serie a. The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. Alessio Romagnoli position football Defender. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli currentclub A.C. Milan. The manager of A.C. Milan is Siniša Mihajlović. A.C. Milan chairman is Silvio Berlusconi. Alessio Romagnoli plays for Italy national under-17 football team. Alessio Romagnoli plays for U.C. Sampdoria.
Central Español play in Uruguayan Segunda División. Abel Hernández played youth football for Central Español. The manager of U.S. Città di Palermo is Giuseppe Iachini. Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team. Abel Hernández plays for U.S. Città di Palermo.
FC Spartak Moscow chairman is Sergey Rodionov. FC Spartak Moscow ground is in Otkrytiye Arena. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm. The manager of FC Amkar Perm is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
FC Spartak Moscow chairman is Sergey Rodionov. FC Terek Grozny ground is in Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov.
FC Terek Grozny ground is in Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov played youth football for FC Spartak Moscow. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny. The manager of FC Terek Grozny is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Dynamo Moscow.
FC Torpedo Moscow played in 2014–15 Russian Premier League. Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Soviet Union. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow. Aleksandr Chumakov plays for Soviet Union national football team. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll. United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco. Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
The manager of Ferencvárosi TC is Thomas Doll. United Petrotrin F.C. ground is in Palo Seco Velodrome. Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC. Ferencvárosi TC chairman is Gábor Kubatov. Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C..
19255  1994 VK8 epoch 2006-12-31. 19255  1994 VK8 mass kilograms 5.6. 19255  1994 VK8 orbital Period 8788850000.0. 19255  1994 VK8 periapsis 6155910000000.0. 19255  1994 VK8 apoapsis kilometres 6603633000.0.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. 101 Helena discovered 1868-08-15. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
101 Helena discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. James Craig Watson state Of Origin Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. James Craig Watson death Cause Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade died in Göttingen. Walter Baade was born in German Empire. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen. Walter Baade doctoral Student Allan Sandage.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade doctoral Student Halton Arp. Walter Baade doctoral Student Allan Sandage. Walter Baade was born in German Empire. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen.
1036 Ganymed discoverer Walter Baade. Walter Baade is Germany. Walter Baade was born in German Empire. Walter Baade graduated from University of Göttingen. Walter Baade doctoral Student Allan Sandage.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. 103 Hera discovered 1868-09-07. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera discoverer James Craig Watson. James Craig Watson graduated from University of Michigan. 103 Hera periapsis kilometres 371240000.0. James Craig Watson is Canada. James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla discoverer B. Zellner. 107 Camilla orbital Period days 2368.05. 107 Camilla periapsis kilometres 479343000.0. 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31. 107 Camilla apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer C. Woods. 107 Camilla orbital Period days 2368.05. 107 Camilla periapsis kilometres 479343000.0. 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31. 107 Camilla apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer F. Vilas. 107 Camilla epoch 2006-12-31. 107 Camilla orbital Period days 2368.05. 107 Camilla periapsis kilometres 479343000.0. 107 Camilla apoapsis kilometres 560937000.0.
107 Camilla discoverer N. R. Pogson. N. R. Pogson died in Chennai. 107 Camilla absolute Magnitude 7.08. N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham. N. R. Pogson is england.
1089 Tama epoch 2005-11-26. 1089 Tama escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.0068. 1089 Tama was formerly called A919 HA; 1927 WB;. 1089 Tama orbital Period days 1202.846. 1089 Tama apoapsis kilometres 373513000.0.
1101 Clematis epoch 2006-12-31. 1101 Clematis escape Velocity kilometre Per Seconds 0.02. 1101 Clematis mass kilograms 5.7. 1101 Clematis orbital Period 183309000.0. 1101 Clematis apoapsis kilometres 520906000.0.
11264 Claudiomaccone epoch 2005-11-26. 11264 Claudiomaccone orbital Period days 1513.722. 11264 Claudiomaccone periapsis kilometres 296521000.0. 11264 Claudiomaccone apoapsis kilometres 475426000.0. 11264 Claudiomaccone temperature kelvins 173.0.
Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud is from the Asajaya region . Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Kuching. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born on 1936-05-21.
Abdul Taib Mahmud successor Adenan Satem. Abdul Taib Mahmud party Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. Abdul Taib Mahmud resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. Adenan Satem graduated from University of Adelaide.
Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya. Mike Akhigbe military Branch Nigerian Navy. Mike Akhigbe successor Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar successor Olusegun Obasanjo. Abdulsalami Abubakar in Office While Vice President Mike Akhigbe. Abdulsalami Abubakar active Years End Date 1999-05-29. Abdulsalami Abubakar military Branch Nigerian Army. Mike Akhigbe predecessor Oladipo Diya.
Abraham A. Ribicoff died in the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff party the democratic party of the us. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff worked At, worked As office Governor of Connecticut.
Abraham A. Ribicoff worked At, worked As office United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. Abraham A. Ribicoff party the democratic party of the us. Abraham A. Ribicoff died in new york city. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states.
Abraham A. Ribicoff spouse Casey Ribicoff. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. Abraham A. Ribicoff is the united states. Abraham A. Ribicoff died in new york.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. Adam Holloway worked At, worked As office Member of Parliament for Gravesham. Adam Holloway active Years Start Date 2005-05-05. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway party the conservative party (uk). Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England. Adam Holloway active Years Start Date 2005-05-05. Adam Holloway military Branch Grenadier Guards. Adam Holloway graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adonis Georgiadis in Office While Prime Minister Antonis Samaras. Antonis Samaras in Office While Prime Minister Konstantinos Mitsotakis. Adonis Georgiadis was born in greece. Adonis Georgiadis was born in athens. Adonis Georgiadis successor Makis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant worked At, worked As office Netherlands House of Representatives. Khadija Arib is the leader of Netherlands House of Representatives. Agnes Kant resides in Doesburg.
Agnes Kant is Netherlands. Mark Rutte is the leader of Netherlands. Agnes Kant resides in Doesburg. Emile Roemer party Netherlands Socialist Party. Emile Roemer is the leader of Netherlands Socialist Party.
Albert B. White birth Year 1856. Albert B. White death Year 1941. Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White date Of Death 1941-07-03.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White. Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White spouse Agnes Ward White. Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. Albert B. White worked At, worked As office Governor of West Virginia. Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04.
Albert B. White successor William M. O. Dawson. Albert B. White party United States Republican Party. Albert B. White was born in cleveland. Albert B. White active Years End Date 1905-03-04. Albert B. White active Years Start Date 1901-03-04.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires. Juan Perón spouse Eva Perón. Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
Alberto Teisaire worked At, worked As office Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. Alberto Teisaire profession Rear admiral. Alberto Teisaire successor Isaac Rojas. Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. Alberto Teisaire was born on 1891-05-20.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. Alfons Gorbach party Austrian People's Party. Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. Alfons Gorbach party Austrian People's Party. Alfons Gorbach died in Graz. Alfons Gorbach was born in state Tyrol. Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst.
Alvah Sabin active Years End Date 1857-03-03. Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region . Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont. Alvah Sabin is in Vermont. Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois.
Alvah Sabin is from the Vermont's 3rd congressional district region . Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont. Alvah Sabin is in Vermont. Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Alfred Moore Scales is in the united states. Battle of Gettysburg was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Battle of Gettysburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
American Civil War was commanded by Jefferson Davis. Alfred Moore Scales is in the united states. native americans are an ethnic group in the united states. Siege of Petersburg was a battle involving Alfred Moore Scales. Siege of Petersburg is Part Of Military Conflict American Civil War.
Juan Perón spouse Eva Perón. Juan Perón party Argentina Labour Party. Alberto Teisaire is Argentina. spanish is spoken in Argentina. Alberto Teisaire in Office While President Juan Perón.
Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kids Imagine Nation. Aaron Bertram associated Band/associated Musical Artist Suburban Legends. Suburban Legends band Member trombonist Brian Robertson. Aaron Bertram is Ska punk. Ska punk stylistic Origin Punk rock.
Aaron Deer is Indie rock. Aaron Deer origin the united states. Aaron Deer associated Band/associated Musical Artist Wee Giant. Aaron Deer background solo singer. Aaron Deer origin indiana.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Lotus Eaters. Aaron Turner is Black metal. Aaron Turner origin the united states. Aaron Turner active Years Start Year 1995.
Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Lotus Eaters. Aaron Turner is Sludge metal. Aaron Turner origin Massachusetts. Aaron Turner active Years Start Year 1995.
Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist rapper Magik. Abradab associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaliber 44. Abradab was born in Katowice. Abradab was born in poland. Abradab was born on 1978-11-12.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was Singing. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. Ace Wilder was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder background solo singer. Ace Wilder birth Year 1982. Ace Wilder was Songwriter. Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm. Ace Wilder was born on 1982-07-23.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music. Hip hop music music Subgenre Gangsta rap. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.
Ace Wilder is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist The Wildweeds. NRBQ band Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music. NRBQ band Al Anderson active Years Start Year 1966.
NRBQ band Al Anderson associated Band/associated Musical Artist NRBQ. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. NRBQ band Al Anderson instrument Guitar. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music.
Alan Frew was Musician. Alan Frew origin Canada. Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge. Alan Frew origin Newmarket, Ontario. Alan Frew background solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer. Aleksandra Kovač birth Year 1972. Aleksandra Kovač was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia. Aleksandra Kovač is Pop music. Pop music music Fusion Genre Disco.
Aleksandra Kovač is Rhythm and blues. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kovač sisters duo K2. Aleksandra Kovač associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kornelije Kovač. Aleksandra Kovač background solo singer. Aleksandra Kovač active Years Start Year 1990.
Alfred Garth Jones died in london. Alfred Garth Jones was born in england. Alfred Garth Jones is the united kingdom. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. Alfred Garth Jones birth Year 1872.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones died in london. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. london is led by the european parliament. boris johnson is the leader of london.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones died in london. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. the labour party is the leader of Manchester. london is led by the european parliament.
Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Flibbertigibbet. Alison O'Donnell associated Band/associated Musical Artist Mellow Candle. Alison O'Donnell is Folk music of Ireland. Alison O'Donnell record Label Floating World Records. Alison O'Donnell active Years Start Year 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk. Alison O'Donnell record Label Deram Records. Deram Records is located in london. Alison O'Donnell record Label Stanyan Records.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz derivative Funk. Jazz music Fusion Genre Afrobeat. Alison O'Donnell instrument Autoharp. Jazz stylistic Origin Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is Jazz. Jazz stylistic Origin Blues. Jazz derivative Funk. Jazz music Fusion Genre Afrobeat. Alison O'Donnell instrument Voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest birth Year 1981. Allen Forrest is Acoustic music. Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. Allen Forrest background solo singer. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. Anders Osborne is Rock music. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic. Anders Osborne active Years Start Year 1989.
Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Galactic. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Tab Benoit. Anders Osborne is Blues. Anders Osborne associated Band/associated Musical Artist Billy Iuso. Anders Osborne active Years Start Year 1989.
singer Andra birth Year 1986. singer Andra is Dance-pop. singer Andra was born in Câmpia Turzii. singer Andra background solo singer. singer Andra was singer, Reality television judge.
singer Andra is Rhythm and blues. singer Andra background solo singer. singer Andra birth Year 1986. singer Andra was Singing. singer Andra was born in romania.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi. Andrew Rayel is Trance music. Trance music stylistic Origin Pop music.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel is Trance music. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Armin van Buuren. Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Bobina. Andrew Rayel is Trance music. Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. Andrew Rayel active Years Start Year 2009.
Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Jwaydan Moyine. Jwaydan Moyine associated Band/associated Musical Artist John Digweed. Andrew Rayel instrument String instrument. Andrew Rayel associated Band/associated Musical Artist Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel is Trance music.
musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Kaiser Chiefs. musician Andrew White associated Band/associated Musical Artist Marry Banilow. musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records. musician Andrew White active Years Start Year 2003.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass.
Hip hop music stylistic Origin Disco. Allen Forrest is Hip hop music. Allen Forrest birth Year 1981. Hip hop music stylistic Origin Funk. Hip hop music derivative Drum and bass.
london is led by the parliament of the united kingdom. Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup. Alfred Garth Jones died in london. Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. the labour party is the leader of Manchester.
Mestizo are an ethnic group in Paraguay. Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay. Agustín Barboza died in Paraguay. spanish is spoken in Paraguay.
Polydor Records is located in london. Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock. musician Andrew White record Label B-Unique Records. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records.
Polydor Records is located in london. Alternative rock music Fusion Genre Nu metal. musician Andrew White record Label Polydor Records. musician Andrew White record Label defunct record label Universal Records. musician Andrew White is Alternative rock.
Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. NRBQ band Al Anderson instrument Guitar. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music. Country music stylistic Origin Blues.
Rock music stylistic Origin Blues. Rock music music Fusion Genre music Bhangra. Country music instrument Banjo. NRBQ band Al Anderson is Rock music. Rock music stylistic Origin Country music.
band Twilight is Black metal. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist band Twilight. Aaron Turner associated Band/associated Musical Artist Old Man Gloom. Aaron Turner instrument Electric guitar. Black metal music Fusion Genre Death metal.
Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez is the leader of Uruguay. Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo. Montevideo is in Uruguay. politician Daniel Martínez is the leader of Montevideo. spanish is spoken in Uruguay.
