abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene in texas.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas.
the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is 18l/36r.
the icao location identifier of afonso pena international airport is sbct.
afonso pena international airport serves curitiba.
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
the runway length of al taqaddum air base is 3684.0.
the runway name of alderney airport is 18l/36r.
the runway at allama iqbal international airport is 3360.12 long.
amsterdam airport schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
the fourth runway at schiphol airport in amsterdam is made of asphalt.
09/27 buitenveldertbaan is the runway name of the amsterdam airport schiphol.
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county, texas.
the runway length of andrews county airport is 8929.0.
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt.
antwerp international airport has an elevation of 12.0 metres above sea level.
the antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government.
appleton international airport has a runway length of 243.0.
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport (new zealand) is made of poaceae.
the icao location identifier of ashgabat international airport is utaa.
the runway name of ashgabat international airport is 11/29.
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority.
13/31 is the name of a runway at atlantic city international airport.
the language of belgium is dutch.
curitiba is part of the state of paraná.
the demonym of denmark is danes.
the al taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah.
greenville, wisconsin is in the united states.
greenville, wisconsin is part of grand chute, wisconsin.
arabic is a language found in iraq.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas aiport is located in madrid.
maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan is part of the united states.
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan.
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves the new york region.
houston is the largest city in texas.
the united states air force was fighting in the united states bombing of libya in 1986.
the transport aircraft for the indian air force is the boeing c-17 globemaster iii.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000.
to the southeast of adams county, pennsylvania is carroll county, maryland.
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade.
the leader of azerbaijan is called the prime minister.
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti.
11 diagonal street is located in south africa.
the postmodern style of architecture is the postmodern style.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
320 south boston building was designed by architect george winkler.
the construction of 320 south boston building began in 1929.
the owner of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen is bella center.
james pain and george richard pain are the architects of the adare manor.
adisham hall is located in haputale.
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture in japan.
alan b miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary.
the address of amdavad ni gufa is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept university, opp. gujarat university, university road, gujarat.
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places.
julia morgan was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference.
the asilomar conference grounds is one of the arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows constructed in 1913.
the asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city.
buffalo, new york is part of erie county, new york.
byron brown is the leader of buffalo, new york.
limerick is part of limerick.
críona ní dhálaigh was lord mayor of dublin.
the leader of ethiopia is malatu teshome.
indians is the name given to people from india.
julia morgan is the architect of the grounds of the asilomar conference.
3arena is located in dublin.
manhattan is part of new york.
new york city is part of new netherland.
pacific grove, california is part of the state of california.
one of the ethnic groups in south africa is white south africans.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom.
the isbn number of 1634: the ram rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
eric flint wrote the book "1634: the ram rebellion".
1634: the ram rebellion is available in print.
aids journal is from the united kingdom.
the oclc number for a glastonbury romance is 76798317.
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover.
a long long way is written in the english language.
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane.
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universität hamburg has the issn number 1865-8784.
above the veil was written by garth nix.
above the veil is available in print.
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567-7920.
the journal addiction has the lccn number 93645978.
the addiction journal is about addiction.
aenir is written in english.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english.
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics.
the english language is spoken in california.
eric flint was born in burbank, california.
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar, straus and giroux.
one of john cowper powys notable works is oliver glendower.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press in the united states.
the book the secret scriptures is published by faber and faber.
an ethnic group of the united states is asian americans.
english is the language of the united states.
a glastonbury romance is the sequel to wolf solent.
the manager of a.c. chievo verona is rolando maran.
a.d. isidro metapán is in the salvadoran primera división league.
the fullname of a.f.c. blackpool is association football club blackpool.
a.f.c. blackpool's play area is the mechanics.
afc blackpool is located in blackpool.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in gubbio.
the ground of as gubbio 1910 is called stadio pietro barbetti.
aek athens fc compete in the superleague greece.
aek athens f.c. played the 2014-2015 season in the football league.
the azal arena is in baku.
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league.
az alkmaar played in the 2014-15 eredivisie in 2014-15.
the country of akron, ohio, is united states.
akron summit assault is located in akron, ohio.
the full name of akron summit assault is "akron metro futbol club summit assault.
the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan.
christian panucci has played for chelsea fc.
christian panucci played for inter milan.
frank de boer is attached to the club fc barcelona.
baked alaska is from the legional region.
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy.
jens hartel has represented the club fc sachsen leipzig.
jorge humberto rodríguez is a member of the el salvador national football team.
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio.
massimo drago played for a.s.d. s.s. nola 1925.
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b.c.
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio.
peter stoger plays for fc admira wacker modling.
rolando maran plays for f.c. bari 1908.
afc ajax (amateurs) 's ground is sportpark de toekomst.
st. vincent-st. mary high school is in the united states.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is situated in the state of alba.
the president of the acharya institute of technology is b.m. reddy.
mahe, india is northwest of mahe.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio.
the capital of romania is bucharest.
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has an academic staff size of 737.
the school of business and social sciences at aarhus university has 16,000 students.
alan bean is an american.
william anders served as a crew member of apollo 8.
buzz aldrin graduated from the massachusetts institute of technology in 1963.
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was hired by nasa in 1963.
the gemstone benitoite is california.
elliot see died on february 28, 1966.
elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see is deceased.
april o'neil was created by peter laird.
bananaman is broadcast by the bbc.
ben urich's full name is actually benjamin urich.
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman.
bo bibbowski is often called bibbo.
bill oddie was born in lancashire.
the black pirate was created by sheldon moldoff.
john buscema won the alley award.
the american karl kesel is an american.
marv wolfman was awarded an award at the academy of comic book arts.
harder, indiana is located in the united states.
scott adsit was born in northbrook, illinois.
the area codes in albany, georgia are 505 and 575.
albany is part of oregon in the united states.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico has the title of mayor.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico has the title of mayor of albuquerque.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico has the title of mayor of albuquerque.
amarillo, texas has a total area of 746 square kilometres.
amarillo is part of texas.
anderson is part of madison county, indiana.
angola, indiana is located at 524.0 above sea level.
antioch, california has the area codes 7535 and 970.
antioch is part of california.
arlington, texas has a population density of 92.8 inhabitants per square kilometre.
atlanta is led by atlanta city council.
the total area of atlantic city, new jersey is 1.81 square kilometres.
atlantic city, new jersey is part of new jersey.
attica, indiana is elevated 23.0 above sea level.
auburn, alabama is part of liuburn county, alabama.
the total area of auburn, washington is 14.8 square kilometres.
austin is part of texas.
spanish is a language spoken in california.
dekalb county is the largest city in dekalb county, georgia.
fulton county, indiana is in the u.s.
anderson is located in madison county, indiana.
michigan is located in the united states.
the largest city in michigan is walson.
orange county, california is in the united states.
seale is the largest city in oregon.
the largest city in tarrant county, texas, is fort worth.
the leader of the united states is barack obama.
the united states house of representatives is located within the united states.
pecorino romano is an ingredient of amatriciana sauce.
an important ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which originates from the region of rome.
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre.
arros negre is from catalonia.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community.
ayam penyet is from the singapore region.
tomato is an ingredient in a blt.
carrie lam is the politician who leads hong kong.
bakewell pudding can be served either fresh.
bandeja paisa is a dish from colombian cuisine.
chicharrón is one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region.
one dish variation called barny cakes is the use of milk in the recipe.
batagor is a variation of siomay.
the main ingredient of the indonesian dish of batagor are fried fish dumplings, tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
an ingredient in batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
beef kway teow is a dish of indonesia.
bhajji is also known as bhaji or bajji.
taro is an ingredient in binignit.
bionico is a dish served for dessert.
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region of mexico.
batchoy includes poultry (bird).
the currency of india is the indian rupee.
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india.
the language spoken in indonesia is indonesian.
jesús casillas romero is the name of jalisco's leader.
banyumasan people is one of the ethnic groups in java.
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia.
the leader of mexico is silvano aureoles conejo.
the spanish language is spoken in new york.
siomay is in the country of indonesia.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of siomay.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra.
david cameron is a leader in the uk.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument, established in 2000, is categorized as a contributing property.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield, which has frederick as its nearest city.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial in azerbaijan is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti and the designers are hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner.
the united states is home to the african americans and is also the origin place of akron, ohio.
salem is the capital of oregon which is part of orem.
the leader of albuquerque, new mexico, is the united states house of representatives.
amarillo is part of texas, in the united states.
the united states house of representatives leads anaheim, california.
anaheim is in orange county, ca which is the location of anaheim.
adams township, madison county, indiana is in the united states.
the total area of antioch, california is 75.324 square km.
arlington texas has an area of 258.2 sqk.
arlington is part of texas, in the united states.
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states.
atlantic city is part of atlantic county, new jersey, in the united states.
atlantic city, new jersey, usa is the capital of atlantic city, new jersey.
atlantic city is part of atlantic county, new jersey, in the united states.
atlantic city, in new jersey, has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre.
auburn forms part of pierce county, washington, united states.
albany, oregon, is part of the united states. the capital city is washington dc.
amarillo is the capital of the united states where allama iqbal international airport is located.
albuquerque is part of the united states where one of the ethnic groups is african american.
in almost unrelated facts both the native americans ethnic group and the book a loyal character dancer originate in the usa.
auburn alabama is in the united states where one of the ethnic groups are native americans.
akron summit assault is located in the united states where the language spoken is english.
the leader of albuquerque (new mexico) is the united states.
amatriciana sauce has tomato as an ingredient and comes from italy.
arem arem comes from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader.
arrabbiata sauce can be found in italy where the language is italian.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader.
an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which can be found in italy.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain.
the main ingredients of asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia and indonesia.
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich.
bacon and sausage are ingredients in a bacon explosion.
a bacon sandwich can also be known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin. it always includes bacon as an ingredient and comes from the uk.
bacon sandwiches are made using bread and originate from the uk.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france.
baked alaska is from the country of france, which leader is manuel valls.
baked alaska, which has meringue as an ingredient, is a dish found in the u.s.
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart (also known as bakewell pudding) which comes from the derbyshire dales region.
vermicelli is an ingredient of the dish bakso which is a food that comes from and is found in indonesia.
celery is in the family of apiaceae and is an ingredient in bakso.
bandeja paisa is part of columbian cuisine, one of its ingredients is chicharrón.
barny cakes are found in france, which leader is claude bartolone.
peanut sauce is an ingredient of batagor which comes from indonesia.
batagor and shumai are variations on the same dish.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia.
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore, where the leader is halimah yacob.
beef kway teow is found in the countries of indonesia and singapore, it includes beef kway teow.
bhajji come from india, where the people who are called indians.
bhajji originate from india where the leader is t.s. thakur.
the binignit dish can be found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group.
the main ingredient of binignit, found in the philippines, is banana.
the main ingredient of binignit is banana, and it also contains sweet potato.
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader.
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region.
bionico is a dessert, like the variation of cake.
bakso is a dish from indonesia and it's leader is joko widodo.
batagor is a variation of the siomay dish and also a variation of shumai, a dish which contains shiitake mushrooms.
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a/s, and its runway length is 2777.0.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas. it is operated by enaire.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas. it has a runway length of 3500.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh.
al asad airbase in al anbar province, iraq has a runway that's 3090 meters long.
al asad airbase is in iraq and the language spoken is arabic.
the usaf, involved in the invasion of grenada and the bombing of libya in 1986, is the operation organisation for al asad airbase.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is a monocotyledon.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where the leader is anwar zaheer jamali.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab, pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and its 5th runway length is 3800.
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level and its first runway is made from asphalt.
amsterdam airport schiphol, with a runway length of 2014.0, serves the city of amsterdam.
the amsterdam airport schiphol, which serves the city of amsterdam, has a runway length of 3300.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city.
angola international airport serves luanda and its runway length is 3800.
the runway length of ardmore airport (new zealand) is 597.0 and the surface type is poaceae.
ashgabat international airport is 2467 metres above sea level and the 1st runway is 2467 feet in length.
the operating organization for ashgabat international airport is called turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgabat.
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city international airport has the runway name 4/22 and is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey.
the atlantic city international airport, operated by the port authority of ny and nj, has a runway length of 3048.0.
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia.
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and are in the 3 liga league.
verona, italy is the home to a.c. chievo verona and has 39371 members.
associazione calcio chievoverona is managed by rolando maran, who was born in italy.
a.d. isidro metapan's manager is jorge humberto rodriguez who plays for fc dallas.
a.e dimitia efxeinoupolis participated in the 2014 season. it has 1500 members.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who plays for blackburn rovers f.c.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker (footballer) who is attached to irlam town football club.
a.f.c. fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, the team have 5300 members.
as livorno club plays in serie b and their home ground is the stadio armando picchi.
a.s. livorno calcio is managed by christian panucci who plays for a.s. roma.
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina but played for maccabi tel aviv fc.
the full name of acf fiorentina is acf fiorentina s.p.a., they have 47290 members.
aek athens f.c. has 69618 members and their ground is the olympic stadium in greece.
the olympic stadium (athens) is the home ground of aek athens fc who compete in the superleague greece.
afc ajax (amateurs) 's ground is sportpark de toekomst, operated by afc ajax.
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk, it is in baku, azerbaijan.
akron summit assault, with 3000 members managed by denzil antonio, play in the 2011 pdl season.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is in gubbio where the left ecology freedom are the leading party.
the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located in italy, where the leader is pietro grasso.
luciano spalletti manages a.s. roma and plays for empoli f.c..
eric flint, born in burbank, california, is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis.
1634: the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
aip advances (abbreviated to aip adv.) was edited by vicent h.
a fortress of grey ice was written by j. v. jones and was produced in print.
the isbn number of the book a fortress of grey ice is 0-7653-0633-6.
the book "a glastonbury romance" was followed by "weymouth sands" the author of which is john cowper powys.
a long long way has a oclc number of 57392246 and a isbn number of 0-670-03380-4.
a long long way has the isbn number 0-670-03380-4 and the isbn number 0-670-03380-4.
a long long way is published by viking press whose parent company is penguin random house.
a loyal character dancer written by qiu xiaolong is in print.
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0-374-26131-8.
the oclc number of a severed wasp is 8805735 and the isbn number is 0-374-26131-8.
a severed wasp is in the english language, which is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp, available in print has the isbn number 0-374-26131-8.
springer science & business media is the publisher of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen springer science and business media.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is produced in print and has an isbn number of 0-439-92550-9.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is produced in print and has an oclc number of 78771100.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians written by brandon sanderson is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener's bones.
the american journal of mathematics is abbreivated to am. j. math and comes under the discipline of math.
johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u.s where the capital is washington, d.c.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states, where the capital is washington dc.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states, which counts african americans among its ethnic groups.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
the english-language book a wizard of mars originates from the united states that includes many asian americans.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is also known as uab and located in alba iulia, alba.
the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum is affiliated with the acharya institute of technology.
the acharya institute of technology is located in the city of bangalore and the president of the institute is b.m. reddy.
the all india council for technical education, located in mumbai, was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education.
the awh engineering college is in kuttikkattoor, kerala. kerala's leader is kochi.
the character april o'neal was created by peter laird and kevin eastman.
bananaman, broadcasted by stv, starring jill shilling.
bananaman which first aired 10/03/1983, stars graeme garden.
tim brooke-taylor, born in derbyshire, starred in bananaman.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter.
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars ryan potter.
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle.
ben urich, full name benjamin urich, was created by gene colan.
bibbo bibbowski was created by marv wolfman and jerry ordway.
bo bibbowski, otherwise known as bibbo, was created by marv wolfman.
alan bean, who was born on the 15th of march 1932, is now retired.
alan shepard, now deceased, was born in new hampshire.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930, in glen ridge, new jersey.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, essex county, new jersey.
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a member of the apollo 8 crew.
william anders, who was born in british hong kong, has retired.
108 st georges terrace has a floor count of 50 and was completed in 1988.
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states.
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres and was completed in april 2014.
300 north lasalle has 60 floors and is located in chicago.
320 south boston building, designed by architect george winkler of the united states of america.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which is located at east link bridge.
the 3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is located in copenhagen.
the architect of adare manor, completed in 1862, was george richard pain.
adare manor can be found in adare, county limerick.
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa, ethiopia.
admisham hall is located at haputale, sri lanka and was in the tudor revival style.
adisham hall is styled as tudor revival and found in haputale.
brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan the country where the akita museum of art is located.
the akita museum of art at 142 nakadori has 3 floors.
the address of amdavad ni gufa, located in gujarat (india), is lalbhai dalpatbhai campus.
the ampara hospital is situated in the eastern province state of sri lanka, whose leader is austin fernando.
asser levy public baths are located in new york city (united states).
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of new york.
adare manor can be found in county limerick, munster.
3 arena is located in dublin, which is a part of leinster.
alan bean, born in wheeler, texas, usa, is a retired astronaut born in wheeler, texas.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey as a united states national where joe biden is the leader.
american buzz aldrin, who was born in glen ridge, new jersey, joined nasa in 1963 and in 1963 graduated from mit with a sc. d.
elliot see was born in dallas, us and was a student at university of texas at austin.
elliot see, who was chosen by nasa in 1962, died in st. louis.
elliot see graduated from university of texas at austin, and died in st. louis. francis g. slay of st. louis competed in the big 12 conference at university of texas at austin.
elliot see passed away on 1966-02-28 in st. louis.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire, a state where one can find the purple finch bird.
virginia demarce and eric flint are the authors of 1634: the bavarian crisis which was put in print and has 448 pages.
1634 the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 the galileo affair, which is available in english. english is spoken in great britain.
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery, led by alexander l. wolf.
aids (journal) has the issn number of "0269-9370". its belongs to the academic discipline, hiv/aids and was first published in 1987.
the aids journal, with an issn number of 1473-5571, belongs to the academic discipline hiv/aids.
the united states is the residence of a t charlie johnson, editor of aip advances, who has stanford university for an alma mater.
a fortress of grey ice was produced in hardcover and written by j. v. jones. it has the isbn number of 0-7653-0633-6.
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer penned by qiu xiaolong is 49805501. it was penned by qiu xiaolong and is in print.
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states.
a severed wasp, published in the united states is in english. english is spoken in great britain.
a severed wasp, a 388-page book, was published in hardback and has the oclc number 8805735.
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg (abbreviated to abh. math. semin. univ. hambg) is 32024459.
aenir, written in english, is an australian novel. it was followed up by above the veil.
the book aenir was written by above the veil and the isbn number is 0-439-17684-0.
the printed book, above the veil, contains 248 pages and was written by garth nix.
acta palaeontologica polonica, issn number is "0567-7920", lccn number of 60040714, was published by the polish academy of sciences and is known as acta palaeontol. pol.
addiction (journal) abbreviated to addiction has an issn number of 1360-0443 and lccn number of 93645978.
the addiction journal, issn number 0965-2140, is published by wiley-blackwell, whose parent company is john wiley & sons.
cornell university, new york, affiliated with the association of american universities, is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly.
the book aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil.
the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english the language spoken in great britain.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has 320 pages. the oclc number is 78771100.
english is spoken in great britain and the united states. alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states.
john cowpher powys, born in shirley, derbyshire, is known for works such as wolf solent and a glastonbury romance.
the administrative science quarterly (oclc number 1461102) is published by sage publications, the company which was founded by sara miller mccune.
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital is washington dc and the native americans are an ethnic group.
a wizard of mars is written in english and was published in the united states. additionally, african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
a wizard of mars originates from the united states, where the capital is washington d. c. and there are many asian americans.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states, where the title of the leader is the president and where african americans are an ethnic group.
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is called the president and native americans live.
jens hartel is in the rb leipzig club and plays for both sv germania schoneiche and 1 fc lokomotive leipzig.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a.s.d. licata 1931. he was at the club asd licita 1931.
associazione calcio lumezzane spa (a.c. lumezzane) has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro league.
jorge humberto rodríguez manages the a.d. isidro metapan and plays for the alianza f.c. club.
a.e. dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and its ground is located in the town of efxeinoupoli.
afc blackpool has 1500 members and its ground is located in blackpool. the fullname of a.f.c. blackpool is association football club blackpool.
the manager of a.f.c. blackpool is stuart parker who is a member of the irlam town f.c and was a player for runcorn fc halton.
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc and is the manager of afc fylde. he plays for both tranmere rovers and stockport county fc.
livorno, italy is the location of the ground of as livorno calcio which has 19238 members and the full name of associazione sportiva.
christian panucci has been manager of a s livorno calcio and is attached to the club carpi fc 1909.
a.s. livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who has played for chelsea fc and is attached to the club genoa cfc.
aek athens f.c. is in the superleague of greece, in which olympiacos f.c. were past champions.
gus poyet has been the manager of aek athens fc and has also been a player for chelsea f.c.
amsterdam-centrum and amsterdam-noords are part of amsterdam. this is the country where afc ajax is based and one of the leaders is eberhard van der laan.
amsterdam-centrum and amsterdam-noords are part of amsterdam. this is the country where afc ajax is based and one of the leaders is eberhard van der laan.
john van den brom is a player in i̇stanbulspor a.ş but also manages the az alkmaair and plays for r.s.c. anderlecht.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play their home games at estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in the campeonato brasileiro série c league, brazil.
luciano spalletti has previously been associated with udinese calcio and was at virtus entella. he is now manager at as roma and plays for empoli fc.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for a.s.d. licata 1931. he was at the club asd licita 1931.
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for u.s castrovillari calcio. he was at the club asd licita 1931.
massimo drago was once a player for us castrovillari calcio and has been the manager of a c cesena. he was also at the club asd licita 1931.
john madin, born in birmingham, designed 103 colmore row.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio where frank g jackson is a leader.
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors, a total floor area of 30843.8 square metres and has 12 floors.
rahm emanuel is a leader in chicago, dupage county, illinois, united states, which is the location of 300 north la salle.
320 south boston building, designed by architect george winkler of the united states of america, was completed in 1929.
hok sve was the architect of the 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located on north wall quay.
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which has 23 floors.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky (designed by architect 3xn) in copenhagen is the marriott international hotel.
the architect augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury. he designed the palace of westminster and adare manor in county limerick.
the architect responsible for adare manor was philip charles hardwick and the building was completed in 1862.
adisham hall, located in haputale, was completed in 1931 and has the architecture style of tudor and jacobean.
adisham hall, located in hautale, sri lanka, is in the architectural style of "tudor and jacobean" and was completed in 1931.
adisham hall is located in haputale, sri lanka where the leader is ranil wickremesinghe.
adisham hall is in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee.
located in the united states, the mason school of business currently live in the alan b. miller hall, a building which cost 75 million dollars.
julia morgan, san francisco native, is the architect behind chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference.
julia morgan was born in california. she is the architect behind chinatown in san francisco and the grounds of asilomar conference.
asilomar conference grounds, constructed in 1913, is located at asilomar blvd., pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987 with the reference number "8700823".
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a, manhattan. it was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23.
asser levy public baths constructed in 1904 are located in new york city and were added to the national register of historic places on 1980-04-23.
tory-controlled birmingham (postcode area b), is home to john madin, the architect who designed 103 colmore row.
john madin, who designed 103 colmore row, comes from birmingham, which is run by the liberal democrats.
hailemariam desalegn is the leader of ethiopia where addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa.
amdavad ni gufa can be found in gujarat, ahmedabad, india, where gujarat is lead by anandiben patel.
mariott international, lead by bill marriott and founded in washington d.c., is located in bethesda maryland and is a key tenant of ac hotel bella sky corporation.
a.f.c hout is in the united states where there are many asian americans.
the total area of albuquerque, new mexico is 490.9 square kilometres and was completed in 190.9 (square kilometres).
alpharetta, georgia is part of the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
alpharetta is part of georgia (u.s state) in the united states. this country has an ethnic group called asian americans.
the us is home to asian americans and the origin place of a fortress of grey ice. washington, d.c. is the capital.
anaheim, california, has a total area of 137.0 square kilometres and was completed in 1976.
the california state senate is part of the california state legislature and is the location of the california state senate.
anderson, indiana is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana, united states.
angola, indiana is part of the united states which includes many asian americans. one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian americans.
antioch, california is part of the united states and is lead by the president of antioch, california.
arlington, tarrant county, is in texas which is part of the united states.
the capital of the united states is washington d.c. where there is an ethnic group called asian americans and the book atricans.
the total area of atlanta is 347.0 (square kilometres).
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
atlantic city is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states.
auburn alabama is part of the united states and is the location of alabama.
washington state is the capital of the united states where the washington dc and is the location of 250 delaware avenue.
olympia is the capital of washington (state) united states. the washington state is the location of olympia.
atlanta, is a part of the u.s. state, georgia. the capital of georgia is atlanta.
anderson is located in madison county, indiana, which is part of the united states.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey in the united states.
andrews county airport is located in texas where houston is the largest city and the spanish language is spoken.
washington, d.c. is the capital of the u.s. which is part of fountain county, indiana.
fountain county, indiana is the capital of the united states and is the location of angola international airport.
akron summit assault is located in the united states where the capital city is washington dc and english is the language spoken.
akron, ohio is part of the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans.
albany is part of oregon in united states where the asian americans are an ethnic group.
the united states is home to barack obama and asian americans. 1634 the ram rebellion was also written here.
in the united states, where english is the primary language, one of the ethnic groups is african american. in addition, a fortress of grey ice is also from the united states.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the language is english and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans.
aarhus lufthavn a/s is the operation organisation of aarhus airport where the runway 10r/28l with a length of 2776.0.
adirondack regional airport, serving the city of lake placid and saranac lake, has a runway length of 2003.0.
adolfo suarez madrid-barejas airport is in paracuellos de jarama, madrid, spain.
the icao location identifier of agra airport is viag and the airport in uttar pradesh is operated by the indian air force.
al asad airbase in iraq with a runway length of 3992.88 is operated by the united states air force and has the length of 3992.88.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force. there you can find the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle aircraft fighter and the lockheed ac-130. the usaf fought in the 1986 bombing of libya.
the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle is an aircraft fighter in the u.s. air force who are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney, and has a runway length of 877.0.
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab pakistan and is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority headquartered at jinnah international airport.
located in punjab, pakistan, allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 2900 metres and a runway name 18l/36r.
aplena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states and is 210 metres above sea level.
andrews county airport, serving the city of andrews, texas, is 973 meters above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 metres.
andrews county airport, texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 89.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas whose capital is austin. the language spoken there is english.
andrews county airport is located in texas (whose indemonym is tejano), united states.
antwerp international airport serves antwerp, a popular tourist destination in, german speaking belgium.
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbour township, which is located in atlantic city, new jersey, united states.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves new york and is headquartered at the four world trade center.
atlantic city international airport is located at egg harbor township, new jersey, united states and has a runway length of 3048.0.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan. the leader of pakistan is anwar zaheer jamali.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas aiport is located in madrid, part of the community of madrid in spain where the leader party is ahora madrid.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas aiport is located in madrid, in spain where the leader party is ahora madrid.
the adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastián de los reyes, spain, where the people's party is the leading political organization.
to the southeast of adams county, pennsylvania where 11th mississippi infantry monument is found lies carroll county, maryland.
carrol county maryland is southeast of adams county pennsylvania, where the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located. the monument is categorised as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan. the capital of azerbaijan is baku and the leader of the country is artur rasizade.
the national assembly dictates the legislature of azerbaijan and the leader, who has the title prime minister, is artur rasizade. baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan.
the atatürk monument (i̇zmir) is found in turkey, where the capital is ankara and the leader's name is ahmet davutoglu.
amatriciana is a sauce from lazio, italy, and it includes tomatoes, guanciale,.
the main ingredients of arem-arem, a javanese dish, are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes which are part of the flowering plant division and solanaceae family.
olive oil is an ingredient used in the preparation of arrabbiata sauce, a dish from rome in italy.
arrabbiata sauce includes tomatoes, and originates from the region of rome in italy.
the main ingredients of the malaysian dish of asam pedas consist of fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce. the dish is found in the malay peninsula in malaysia.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia, which leader is arifin zakaria and its capital is kuala lumpur.
the malaysian chinese are an ethnic group from malaysia where ayam penyet is a popular dish.
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich (which contains lettuce).
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group.
the bacon explosion originated in the united states where john roberts is the leader and the capital is washington d.c.
bacon sandwiches are made using bread and originate from the uk. a variation is the blt.
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from new york and france.
baked alaska comes from the country of france where the currency is the euro and gerard larcher is the leader.
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska, which comes from the region of new york and the country of france.
baked alaska is a dessert that contains sponge cake. cookie is also a dessert.
the dessert bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region. it includes the ingredients ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs and can be served warm or cold.
bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the derbyshire dales. some main ingredients in bakewell pudding are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
beef is an ingredient of bakso from indonesia.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region, and is part of colombian cuisine.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the paisa region, and typical colombian cuisine.
barny cakes are found in france, which hails leaders claude bartolone and francois hollande.
the main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in the philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
the main ingredients of batchoy, which is eaten in the philippines, are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
beef kway teow is a dish that is popular in singapore and indonesia. the leader of singapore is tony tan and the country uses the english language.
a dish which comes from indonesia and is popular in singapore is beef kway teow, it has sesame oil among it's ingredients.
beef kway teow, a dish from singapore and indonesia, contains oyster sauce.
bhajji originates from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan.
banana is an ingredient in binignit, which along with should be served as the dessert course, and a cookie is another dessert.
sago is a key ingredient of the dish binignit which should be served as the dessert course.
taro is an ingredient in binignit, which is a type of dessert. cookie is also a dessert.
the order of solanales contains sweet potato which are an ingredient in binignit recipes. the main ingredient of binignit is banana.
bionico, which contains granola, is a dessert found in mexico and is from the region of guadalajara.
bionico, a food product from the guadalajara region of mexico, contains condensed milk.
bionico is a food found in mexico where the currency is the peso and a leader is silvano aureoles conejo.
pietro grasso leads italy, which is famous for it's amatriciana sauce.
the igorot and ilocano people are both ethnic groups in the phillippines. batchoy is eaten there.
beef kway teow is a dish from the country of singapore, where the leader is tony tan and the spoken language is english.
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce, it comes from the solanaceae family of plants and belongs to the genus solanum and the order solanales.
awh engineering college is located in kerala, india. kerala has a staff of 250.
the acharya institute of technology, bangalore, has 700 postgraduate students, is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students.
awh engineering college is located in kerala, india. kerala has mahe, india to its northwest. the leader of kerala is kochi.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania. the country's leader is klaus johannis and the national anthem is deșteaptă-te, române!.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania which is lead by klaus iohannis and where the germans of romania is one of the ethnic groups.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university associated headquartered in brussels.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 in aarhus, denmark.
frenchman, rene goscinny created asterix, the comic character who is sometimes called "astérix".
bananaman starred tim brooke taylor and was broadcast for the last time by stv on 15 april 1986.
walt disney studios motion pictures is the distributor of the film big hero 6, the film that stars alan tudyk and in which the character baymax makes his first appearance.
big hero 6 is a disney studios motion picture which stars alan tudyk and has baymax as a character.
big hero 6 stars ryan potter and was baymax's first film appearance. it was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures.
blockbuster is a comic character with the alternative name of mark desmond and was created by carmine infantino and gardner fox.
bolt, also known as larry bolatinsky, was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn.
bolt, a comic character aka larry bolatinsky, was created by paris cullins and ernie colon.
103 colmore row (located in birmingham) has 23 floors, work started on the building in 1973 and finished in 1976.
in south africa (where the capital is cape town) there are many ethnic groups, one of which is called the coloured, cyril ramaphosa is one of the leaders and 11 diagonal street is located there.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuyahoga county in ohio, united states where the local leader is frank g jackson and the governing body is cleveland city council.
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million dollars and has 12 floors, a total floor area of 30843.8 (square metres) and cost 110 million dollars.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, cook county, illinois, united states where the leader is rahm emanuel.
300 north lasalle, illinois, with 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres. construction of the building was completed in 2009.
3arena is located in dublin, leinster, and is owned by live nation entertainment.
the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen, denmark has 23 floors and was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm.
adare manor is in adare, munster in county limerick. limerick city and county council govern county limerick.
brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan the country where the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, in akita prefecture.
akita museum of art is an art museum in the city of akita which is part of akita prefecture in japan. filipinos are one ethic group in japan.
akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture in akita, akita, japan. vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan.
brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in japan the country where the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, in akita prefecture.
the college of william and mary is the owner of the alan b. miller hall, 101 ukrop way, williamsburg, virginia. robert a.m. stern was the architect for the hall, which was completed on june 1st, 2009.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india in which is lead by narendra modi and sumitra mahajan.
asilomar conference grounds, constructed in 1913, is located at pacific grove, california and was added to the national register of historic places on february the 27nd 1987.
asser levy public baths was added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 under reference number 80002709 and is located on avenue a, manhattan.
manhattan and brooklyn are located in new york city, where the asser levy public baths are located. cyrus vance jr. is one of the leaders of manhattan.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, united states. manhattan is part of new york city, new york, and its leader is gale brewer.
lead by andrew mitchell and with the postcode area 'b', birmingham is the hometown of architect john madin, whom designed 102 colmore row.
the b postcode area is the postal code of birmingham, which is led by the uk labour party and is governed by birmingham city council. john madin, the architect who designed 103 colmore row, was born in birmingham.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india, which is lead by anandiben patel.
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat, india. the leader of gujarat is t s thakur and the prime minister is narendra modi.
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture, in akita, akita, japan, a country with the ethnic group the brazilians.
elizabeth ii is a leader of the united kingdom and boris johnson is a leader in the capital city of london along with the parliament of the united kingdom. the country is the location of 20 fenchurch street.
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states, english is the language of the united states and joe biden is the leader of the united states.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument, established in 2000 was built at seminary ridge, pennsylvania usa and is a contributing property.
prime minister of azerbaijan is artur rasizade with the official title of the leader of azerbaijan. the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in baku, the capital of azerbaijan.
the baku turkish martyrs memorial in azerbaijan (known in turkish as turk sehitleri aniti) was designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner and is dedicated to ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku.
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield, frederick county, maryland. the monument was established in 1907-07-11.
the bronze atatürk monument was inaugurated on the 27th july 1932 at i̇zmir, turkey, a country led by ahmet davutoglu.
turkey, where the official title of the leader is president, is the location of the ataturk monument. the monument was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932.
the us is home to the origin place of a loyal character dancer. the english language is spoken in the us and native americans are an ethnic group.
in anderquette, new mexico, the area codes of albuquerque, ethen 14.9 and 678 square metres above sea level.
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia in the u.s. he has an elevation of 6.0 metres above sea level and a part of the state of georgia in the united states.
amarillo, texas is part of the united states where the capital city is washington dc. one of the ethnic groups there are the african americans and the book 1634: the ram rebellion.
amarillo is the capital of texas (part of potter county), texas, united states.
anaheim, california is part of the california state which is where the bakewell language is spoken. it is also where amdavad ni gufa is located.
anderson, indiana is located at 28.0 above sea level and serves the city of anderson, township, madison county, indiana.
angola, in indiana, is part of the u.s. and is the location of angola international airport. the airport has an elevation of 16.55 metres above sea level.
antioch, california has a university called adirondack regional airport. it is located codes and has an isbn number of 073.65-24.
the atlantic city international airport serves atlantic city, n.j., u.s. and is located at egg harbor township. don guardian is the leader of atlantic city, new jersey.
auburn alabama is part of the united states and is the location of auburn, alabama. it has an ethnic group called asian americans.
amaricans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group. the book is written in the english language which is spoken in great britain.
auburn is part of pierce county, washington washington washington (capital city: washington), d.c. and is the location of auburn.
auburn is part of king county in washington (state), united states. the capital city is washington state is washington and the country is lead by auburn.
houston is the largest city in texas which is part of the state of texas. it is the location of andrews county airport. the airport serves the city of andrews in texas where the largest city is hays county.
anaheim, california is part of the california state located in the california state which is where the bakewell pudding originates.
atlanta is part of the u.s. state of georgia in the u.s. he is the location of fulton county.
anderson is part of lafayette township, madison county, indiana in the u.s.a., which is served by appleton international airport.
andrews county airport is located in texas in the u.s. austin is the capital of texas whose largest city is houston. english is spoken in that state.
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the capital city is washington dc. the country is the origin of a wizard of mars which is published in the united states.
the largest city in new jersey in the united states is newark. the capital city is washington dc and the country is the location of atlantic city international airport.
lead by president barack obama, the united states has one ethnic group called african americans and is the location of 250 delaware avenue.
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the leader is called the president. it is also where 'a loyal character dancer' is found.
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital city of washington dc. the country is the origin of alans and the location of 250 delaware avenue.
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the u.s. where barack obama is the leader, also known as president of the united states. native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
the us is home to native americans and the origin place of a loyal character dancer. native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the english language is spoken. the country is the origin of a loyal character dancer.
the english language is spoken in both great britain and the united states (where the asian americans are an ethnic group).
the manager of fc magdeburg is jens härtel, who is attached to the club fsv zwickau. he played for berliner ak 07, and now plays for sv babelsberg 03.
associazione calcio chievoverona manager rolando maran has formerly worked at fc bari 1908, and is a member of the carrarese calcio club.
italian born michele marcolini plays for torino fc and is part of the atalanta bc club. he currently manages the ac lumezzane.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in the town of efxeinoupoli. it has 1500 members and plays in the a epsth 2nd group.
stuart parker plays for stockport county fc and has been manager of afc blackpool. the club is managed by the conservative party uk.
stuart parker is the manager of the a.f.c blackpool club, which has its ground in blackpool. the local leader is gordon marsden. parker is also a member of the chesterfield f.c. and plays for stockport county f.c.
a.f.c. fylde (its full name is "association football club fylde "), which has 3180 members, is based at warton, fylde, lancashire.
association football club fylde (abbreviated to a.f.c. fylde) has 3180 members, are based at brynng lane and played in the 2014 season.
paulo sousa played for inter milan and maccabi tel aviv fc. he is a member of the portugal national football team and manages acf fiorentina.
aek athens fc played in the superleague greece 2014 season. they have 69618 members and currently play their home games at the olympic stadium (athens).
afc ajax (amateur) 's ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax. the grounds are owned by afc ajax n.v. and has a tenant of ajax youth academy.
amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs (abbreviated to afc ajax (amateurs), competed in the 2014 season and has 5000 members.
john van den brom has been manager of az alkmaar and plays for both afc ajax and vitesse arnhem.
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions.
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense's ground is the estadio minicipal coaracy da mata fonseca in brazil. they play in the campeonato brasileiro série c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions.
agremiação sportiva arapiraquense play at the estádio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca ground which is located in arapiraca. they currently play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league whose current champions are the vila nova futebl clube.
st vincent-st mary high school, akron, summit county, ohio, united states is the ground of akron summit assault.
pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders of italy where the italian language is spoken and the capital city is rome. the country is the location of the home ground of as gubbio 1910.
peter stöger has played for fc admira wacker mödling, has managed fc kolin and also worked for sk vorwärts steyr and first vienna fc.
abilene regional airport serves abilene, texas and is 546 metres above sea level. the runway name is 17l/35r and has a length of 2194.0.
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake, new york. it is located 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located in madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas. it is operated by enaire and its runway name is 18l/36r. the runway length is 3500.0.
the indian air force operate agra airport which is in india. it has several identifiers such as its icao location identifier which is viag, or the iata i.d. which is agr.
al asad airbase (located in iraq) is operated by the united states air force. its runway name is 08/26 and its runway length 3990.
the united states air force is the operating organization for al asad airbase which is in the al anbar province in iraq. the runway's name is 09r/27l and its length is 3990.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force. the us air force was involved in the invasion of grenada and the mcdonnell douglas f-15 eagle fighter aircraft.
allama iqbal international airport in pakistan is operated by pakistan civil aviation authority. it serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900.
amsterdam airport schiphol has an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level. it serves the city of amsterdam with a runway length and runway name of 2014.0 meters and 18r/36l polderbaan respectively.
amsterdam airport schiphol has an elevation of -3.3528 from sea level. it serves the city of amsterdam with a runway length and runway name of 2014.0 meters and 18r/36l polderbaan respectively.
andrews county airport is located in texas and serves the city of andrews. it is 973 below sea level and has a runway length of 8.0.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the capital city is austin, the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano and the inhabitants.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the capital is austin, the english language is spoken and the inhabitants have the demonym of texans.
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo, serves luanda which is located in angola and is part of luanda province.
antwerp international airport, which is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government, has a runway length of 600.0. it serves the city of antwerp and is 12 metres above sea level.
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines who have their headquarters in ashgabat, turkmenistan. the hub airport of turkmenistan airlines is turkmenbashi international airport and their hq is at ashgabat.
athens international airport, located in spata, serves the city of athens. it has a runway length of 3,800 and is elevated 94 metres above sea level.
atlantic city, new jersey, united states is lead by don guardian and served by atlantic city international airport in egg harbor township, new jersey.
atlantic city international airport is located at the south jersey transportation authority which is headed by stephen dilts. the leader of the united states is stephen dilts.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp which is belgium. two of the leaders of which, are charles michel and philippe of belgium. in belgium, one of the languages is german.
the leader of belgium is phillipe of belgium. antwerp international airport located there serves antwerp. german is spoken there.
saranac lake, which is served by adirondack regional airport, is part of harrietstown, essex county, new york, us.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq, where there are leaders called haider al-abadi and fuad masum.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. the kurdish languages are spoken in iraq, where there are leaders called haider al-abadi and fuad masum.
the pakistan civil aviation authority is the operating organisation of the allama iqbal international airport which is located in punjab pakistan. the airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan, where malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader.
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and is of the class monocotyledon.
the bbc, located in london, with rona fairhead as a key person, broadcast the tv series bananaman and produces bbc radio.
bananaman was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983. it was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling.
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which starred ryan potter. it was created by the american, duncan rouleau and steven t. seagle.
bolt is a comic character otherwise know as larry bolatinsky. he was created by paris cullins and ernie colon (national of puerto rico).
demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes preceded 1634: the bavarian crisis which was written by eric flint who was born in burbank california.
the e-book, the ram rebellion which was written by eric flint, virginia demarce et al. has the isbn number 1-4165-2060-0.
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the aids (journal) in the uk. the journal is published in the uk where david cameron is the leader.
a fortress of grey ice was produced in hardcover and written by j. v. jones. it has the isbn number of 0-7653-0633-6.
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501. its isbn number is 1-56947-301-3 and it can be found in hardcover.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states and written in english, which is also spoken in great britain. native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states. the language of the country is english and one of it's ethnic groups is asian american.
a wizard of mars, written by diane duane, has 560 pages and isbn number 978-0-15-204770-2.
the lccn number for acta mathematica hungarica is 83646315. it is also known as acta math. hungar. and the issn number is "0236-5294".
the acta palaeontologica polonica (abbrv. acta palaeontol. pol) is academically focused on paleontology. it's issn and lccn numbers are 0567-7920 and 60040714 respectively.
acta palaeontologica polonica was published by the polish academy of sciences and is abbreviated acta palaeontol. pol... the lccn number is 60040714 and the issn number is 1732-2421.
cornell university in the state of new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and publishes administrative science quarterly.
cornell university, of ithaca, new york, is the publisher of administrative science quarterly. the university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities.
aenir, a paperback book written by garth nix, has an isbn number 0-439-17684-0 and an oclc number 45644811.
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in the english language as spoken in great britain. it originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group.
johns hopkins university press in the united states is the parent company of johns hopkins university who publish american journal of mathematics. the journal has an issn number of 0002-9327.
english is spoken in great britain and the united states. alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where there is an ethnic group called asian americans.
a wizard of mars is written in english which is spoken in great britain. the book originates from the united states where barack obama is leader.
written in english, a wizard of mars was published in the united states where english is spoken, as in great britain.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where barack obama is the leader, and english is spoken (as in great britain).
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english. the leader of the us is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups in the country are the asian americans.
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler, texas. he was selected by nasa in 1963, and spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14. the united states navy awarded him their distinguished service medal, which is commedal that is ranked higher than department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was born in british hong kong, which was represented by chris patten. he served as a crew member on apollo 8, along with the commander frank borman and the backup pilot buzz aldrin.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from mit in 1963 with a doctorate in science. he was a crew member of apollo 11. he is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey, was a fighter pilot, who was selected by nasa in 1963, and served as a crew member of apollo 11.
buzz aldrin, whose birth name is edwin eugene aldrin jr., has won 20 awards. he was a crew member of the apollo 11 that had william anders as backup pilot. the apollo 11 program was organized by nasa.
alan shepard, who was born in new hampshire, was awarded the united states navy distinguished service medal, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy. he died in california.
elliot see was born in dallas in the us. he attended the university of texas at austin and died in st louis.
william anders was a fighter pilot who joined nasa in 1963. he was part of apollo 8's crew, along with frank borman.
one of the rivers of india is the ganges and the country is also the location of the awh engineering college which was established in 2001 and located in the city of kuttikkattoor in the state of kerala.
the acharya institute of technology has its campus in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090, india. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum.
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore, india. its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and its president is b.m. reddy.
acharya institute of technology, located in bangalore, offers tennis as a sport, which is governed by the international tennis federation. this institute is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university, and was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education, located in mumbai.
bucharest is the capital of romania which is led by klaus iohannis. the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia, alba county.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark has a magistrate government. denmark's leader is lars lokke rasmussen.
awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala. kerala has a leader called kochi.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania. the country's capital is bucharest and is led by klaus iohannis. the ethnicity of the country is largely germanic and the national anthem is deșteaptă-te, române!
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in the romanian city of alba iulia. the germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by klaus iohannis and has bucharest as its capital city.
amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce from the lazio region. its ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the capital city is rome and pietro grasso are leaders.
arros negre comes from the region of the valencian community in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
arros negre is from the region of catalonia in spain. the main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
arròs negre is a traditional dish from spain where an ethnic group is spaniards and the leader is felipe vi.
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra. the batak and acehnese people are ethnic groups from sumatra.
asam pedas is a dish from sumatra, malaysia. the minangkabau people are an ethnic group of sumatra and the minangkabau people are found in sumatra.
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama was once the leader and the capital is washington d.c. asian americans are one ethnic group there.
the united states is the country of the bacon explosion. john roberts is the leader of the united states and the capital is washington d.c. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country.
the blt is a variation of both the club sandwich and the bacon sandwich. the latter dish may contain ketchup.
the bacon sandwich comes from the united kingdom and contains condiments. it is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
a cookie is a dessert and so is binignit, a dish from the united states, where african americans are an ethnic group.
baked alaska comes from either paris, new york or hong kong and is enjoyed in china. the main ingredients of a baked alaska are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or christmas pudding).
meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which hails from hong kong but the countries of france, united states and china all claim to have invented the dish.
baked alaska hails from hong kong, china. the main ingredients are meringue, ice cream and sponge cake (or christmas pudding).
bakewell pudding (or tart) originates from the derbyshire dales, it inclusdes fruit preserve/jam,.
tapioca is found in bakso which is popular in indonesia and southeastern asian countries. bakso comes from indonesia.
bakso, with the main ingredients ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots, is a dish that comes from the country of indonesia.
bandeja paisa is a typical colombian dish from the paisa region. the main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, and hogao sauce.
bandeja paisa has the ingredients: hogao sauce, red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, friend egg, plantain, chorizo, arepa, morcilla, avocado and lemon. it is a colombian dish and is known in the paisa.
barny cakes are found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande.
batagor comes from the country of indonesia. siomay is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake among its ingredients.
batchoy originated from the region of la paz, iloilo city, philippines. the main ingredients of batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, and beef.
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines and is made of noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia, and contains beef tenderloin, gula melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
beef kway teow is found in the countries of indonesia and also singapore where standard chinese is spoken and the leader is halimah yacob.
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore and indonesia, and contains beef tenderloin, gula melaka, sliced dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
bhajji, whose alternative names are bhaji and bajji, comes from the karnataka region of india. it includes vegetables.
bhaji and bajji are alternative names for bhajji which are found in the region of karnataka. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
binignit includes the ingredients sago and sweet potato, the latter of which belongs to flowering plants and the order solanales.
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas, phillippines. it includes coconut milk and sago.
granola is one of the ingredients of the food bionico which comes from the region of jalisco in mexico.
the main ingredients of bionico are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins. the dish can be found in guadalajra, mexico.
bionico and cookie are types of dessert. the latter is found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader.
bakso is a food from indonesia that is made with noodles. one of the leaders of the country is jusuf kalla.
ayam penyet is from the singapore region, specifically java where the baduy are an ethnic group. the dish is also from singapore.
zamboangans and ilocano people are ethnic groups from the philippines which is home to the dish batchoy and where philippine spanish is spoken.
batchoy originated from the philippines. the philippines is also home to the igorot and zamboangans people. one of the languages used in the philippines is arabic.
binignit and cookies are both desserts, the language spoken in the philippines is philippine english.
sandesh is a nice confectionery dessert. binignit originates from the philippines where igorot people are one of the ethnic groups.
the authors of 1634: the bavarian crisis are virginia demarce and eric flint and was preceded by the grantville gazettes and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english.
cornell university is in ithaca, new york and the president is elizabeth garrett. they are the publisher of the administrative science quarterly and are affiliated with the association of american universities.
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where african american is an ethnic group and like in great britain, english is spoken.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press, that is based in the united states, where people speak english, same as in great britain and there are an ethnic group called native americans.
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press, located in the u.s. it is written in english, which is also spoken in great britain. asian americans is one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
a severed wasp is a novel from the united states where the main language is english, originated in great britain. the capital of the us is washington d.c. and native americans are the original ethnic group of that land.
aenir is an australian novel that was preceded by the novel castle. above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was followed by into battle and the violet keystone.
a severed wasp was written in english (language of great britian) and is from the united states. the previous president of the country was barack obama who is asian american.
the english language of the us is also spoken in great britain. the us has many asian americans and the severed wasp is found here. the leader of the united states in this country was barack obama.
the united states is led by barack obama, has a native american ethnic group and the capital is washington d.c. 1634: the galileo affair preceded the u.s. written 1634: the ram rebellion.
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the population is known as americans. 1634 the ram rebellion was written in the country which has washington dc as its capital city and is lead by the president.
a wizard of mars was published in the united states and written in english which is also spoken in great britain. the united states has the ethnic group asian americans and the leader is known as the president.
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states, where barack obama is the president. americans inhabit the u.s., with a sub-group being the asian americans.
alpharetta is the largest city in fulton county, georgia which is located in the united states. the airport serves the city of fallongy and is part of the state of georgia.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the capital is austin, the english language is spoken and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the capital is austin, the english language is spoken and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, where the capital is austin, the english language is spoken and the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano.
anderson, indiana is located in madison county, indiana, which is part of the union township, madison county in indiana. the airport serves the city of anderson, indiana, which is part of the united states.
antioch california is part of the united states and has the official language of english. the country is also the location of the home ground of antrica and is led by the manotricipal contresita.
the total area of atlanta is 3400.0 square kilometres. it is located in the city of fulinta which is part of kalanta.
attica, indiana is part of logan township, fopensmetes county, indiana in the united states. the airport has a runway length of 78.0 metres and a total of 763.0.
amarica is part of the united states where the capital city is washington dc. the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and is led by president barack obama.
auburn, alabans part of pierce, washington is in the united states. the airport has a runway length of 191.0 and is operated by auburn, washington.
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews which is located in texas in the u.s.a. english is spoken in the state of texas, where the largest city is harlington.
andrews county airport is located in texas in the u.s. austin is the capital of texas where the largest city is houston. english is spoken in that state.
andrews county airport is located in texas, where spanish is a language spoken and where the largest city is houston. tejano is the name given to the city in texas.
alexandria, indiana is located in the united states and where the capital city is washington dc. the english language is spoken in the country and the leader is tony tan.
andrews county airport is located in texas. although houston is the largest city in texas. spanish is spoken in that state.
andrews county airport is located in texas, united states, and has the capital city of austin. the airport serves the city of andrews, texas, and is part of the state of tayling, wisconsin.
white americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states where the capital city is washington dc. the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and located in the u.s.
the us is inhabited by americans, including the ethnic group of native americans. the capital city is washington dc and the president is barack obama. the country is also the origin of 1634 the ram rebellion.
americans inhabit the u.s whose capital is washington d.c. and whose leader is barack obama.
the united states is inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of african americans. 1634 the ram rebellion was written in the country which is inhabited by americans.
amaricans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states, which has the capital city of washington dc. the country is the location of 250 delaware avenue and has a later called native americans.
aubama is part of lee county, alabama. it is the origin of alabama and has an ethnic group called native americans.
atlantic city international airport, which serves the city of atlantic city, is located in egg harbor township, new jersey. the capital of the country is washington d.c. and the native americans are an ethnic group.
the leader of albuquerque in new mexico is the united states, where the language is english and where the leader is called the president.
english is the language of the united states and is also spoken in great britain. asian americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states which is where the book 1634 the ram rebellion was written.
the native americans are an ethnic group in akron, summit county, ohio, united states which has the capital city of washington dc. the country is the location for the home ground of akron summit assault and is where akron summit assault.
the united states are inhabited by americans and the ethnic group of african americans. 1634 the ram rebellion was written in the country which is lead by the president.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the seminary ridge in the municipality of gettysburg pennsylvania, united states. the monument was established in the year 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument's location is adams county, pennsylvania and was established in the year 2000. adams county, pennsylvania has carrol county to its southeast and frederick county to its southwest - both of these couties are in maryland. to the north of adams county is cumberland county pennsylvania.
azerbaijan's leader is the prime minister and his name is artur rasizade. baku turkish martyrs' memorial, which is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku, is located in azerbaijan whose capital is baku.
the baku turkish maryrs' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it is located in azerbaijan. the capital of azeribaijan is baku and its leader is prime minister artur rasizade. azerbaijan has legislature of national assembly.
the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it's capital city is ankara. the largest city in turkey is istanbul. the turkish currency is the turkish lira. the atatürk monument is located in i̇zmir.
mahe, india is located northwest of the state of kerala where the awh engineering college with an academic staff of 250 in the city of kuttikkattoor.
acharya institute of technology is located at campus in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090 in bangalore. its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar and the affiliation is visvesvaraya technological university.
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india was established in 2000. its president is b.m. reddy and it has 700 post-graduate students.
lars lokke rasmussen leads denmark under the title of the monarchy of denmark. the country is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in the city of aarhus which is southwest of mols.
awh engineering college of kuttikkattoor, india was established in 2001 and has an academic staff of 250. india's largest city is mumbai and one the country's rivers is the ganges.
awh engineering college (india) is in the state of kerala who has as its leader kochi. the ganges is one of india's rivers.
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus. the school was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association.
aarhus, which has a magistrate type of government is the location of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university. the school is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
the american, duncan rouleau created the character of baymax who appeared in the film big hero 6 which stars alan tudyk.
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane which is located in italy. he played for vicenza calcio, a.c. chievo verona. an italian leader is pietro grasso.
stuart parker is the manager of afc blackpool, a club based in the city of blackpool where the council is lead by the uk labour party. his previous club was stockport county fc.
as gubbio 1910 are located in italy and play in serie d whose champions are currently ss robur siena. the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the language spoken is italian.
located in athens, the olympic stadium is the ground for aek athens fc. the manager of which is gus poyet, whose club is real zaragoza, and who has played for chelsea f.c.
italy is where the ground of a.s. gubbio 1910 is located. the country is inabitated by italians and italian is the language spoken. italy is led by pietro grasso.
as gubbio have their ground in italy where the leader is sergio mattarella. the italian people speak the italian language and their capital city is rome.
arem arem is a dish from indonesia, but which is more specific to java. the leaders in indonesia are jusuf kalla and joko widodo and the currency used is the indonesian rupiah.
asam pedas is a food found in the region of sumatra and malay peninsula in malaysia, the capital of which is kuala lumpur. the malaysian chinese and malay are ethnic groups in malaysia.
one of the foods found in malaysia is asam pedas which is from the malay peninsula region. malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups on malaysia and its capital kuala lumpur.
one of the foods found in malaysia is asam pedas which is from the malay peninsula region. malaysian indian is one of the ethnic groups on malaysia and its capital kuala lumpur.
abu zahar ujang is the leader of malaysia. malaysian chinese is an ethnic grop from malaysia and one of the other ethnic groups of malaysia is malaysian indian. asam pedas is from the malay peninsula region and is a food that is found in malaysia.
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area, in the united states. the main ingredients in a bacon explosion are bacon and sausage.
the country bacon explosion comes from is the united states. a political leader there is paul ryan, the capital is washington d.c. and english is spoken.
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom, also known as a bacon butty or sarnie. it is a variation of the blt. it usually includes a condiment such as ketchup or brown sauce.
baked alaska comes from france where leaders include manual valls and gérard larcher. it is also served in hong kong where they speak chinese.
bandeja paisa comes from the antioquia department in colombia. one of the ingredients in bandeja paisa is lemon which is part of the rutaceae family and belongs to the sapindales order.
barny cakes, made with sponge cake, come from france. here, the national language is french and two of the leaders are gerard larcher and françois hollande.
batagor includes peanut sauce and is a variation of siomay and shumai. it is from joko widodo led, indonesia.
batagor is a dish found in indonesia it is a variation on the peanut sauce siomay or shumai. joko widodo is the leader of indonesia.
batagor is found in the country of indonesia. it is a variation on the peanut sauce siomay or shumai. jusuf kalla is the leader of the country.
bhajji, otherwise known as bhaji or bajji, comes from the karnataka region. the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables.
the indian rupee is the currency in india where the leaders are t. s. thakur and vajubhai vala. bhajji comes from the karnataka region in india.
indian people are from the country india, where sumitra mahajan and narendra modi are leaders. bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india.
chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins are the main ingredients in bionico. it is a dessert that can be found in guadalajara, mexico.
bionico is a food found in mexico where spanish is spoken and enrique pena nieto is the leader. the dish is a served for dessert and honey can be added to it.
mexico (led by silvano aureoles conejo) is the home of the dessert bionico. this cake originates from the jalisco region.
arros negre is a traditional dish from catalonia, spain where carles puidgemont is the region's leader.spaniards are the country's main ethnic group.
amatricana sauce comes from italy where italians live and the capital is rome. matteo renzi and laura boldrini are both leaders in italy.
sergio mattarella and laura boldrini are leaders in italy, where italian is the capital, and amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish.
italy's capital is rome and the spoken language is italian. amariciana sauce comes from italy and one of its leaders is matteo renzi.
the javenese people are an ethnic group in java, where ayam penyet is from. it uses fried chicken as an igredient and as well being found nationwide in java, it can also be found in malaysia and singapore.
ayam penet is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan. ayam penyet is also found in java where the javanese people are an ethnic group.
batchoy comes from the philippines, where the language used is philippine spanish and chinese filipino and zamboangans are ethnic groups.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader and spanish is spoken. the population are known as spaniards.
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain where susana diaz is the leader and felipe vi is the head of state.
alan bean was a united states test pilot and member of apollo 12. he was born in wheeler, texas. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired.
alan shephard, born in new hampshire, served as a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 14, which was operated by nasa. he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy, which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal.
william anders was an american born in british hong kong who served as part of the apollo 8 crew. apollo 8 was commanded by frank borman, and also included buzz aldrin as a backup pilot.
american fighter pilot buzz aldrin was born on january 20, 1930, in glen ridge, new jersey. he would serve as a crew member aboard apollo 11.
buzz aldrin is a us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a fighter pilot and was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he obtained an sc.d in 1963 from massachusetts institute of technology. he became a fighter pilot and has retired.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and was a member of the apollo 11 crew operated by nasa. william anders was a backup pilot on the apollo 11 mission, which was operated by nasa. william anders was a backup pilot on that mission.
buzz aldrin was born jan 20, 1930. he was a member of apollo 11 operated by nasa, where william anders was a backup pilot. aldren served as a crew member and is now retired.
dianne feinstein is senator in california, the same place benitoite was found and alan shepard died.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire, united states and died in california. he was awarded the distinguished service medal which, which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal.
us national william anders was born in british hong kong on 17th october 1933. the nasa test pilot retired on 1st september 1969.
margrethe ii is the leader of denmark where the danish language is used. the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup, part of the central denmark region.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located at madrid, paracuellos de jarama, san sebastián de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire. the airport is situated 610 meters above sea level and its 3,500 meters long runway is called 14l/32r.
agra airport is located in india and operated by the indian air force. its icao location id is viag and is 167.94 m above sea level and its runway is 1818 long.
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has the icao location identifier of oraa. the airport's runway is named 08/26 and it has a length of 3,990.
the united states air force operates al asad airbase in iraq. the airport has the icao location identifier of oraa, and a runway name of 08/26 with a length of 3992.88.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force. the usaf bombed libya in 1986 and fought in the invasion of grenada. the lockheed ac-130 and boeing c-17 globemaster iii are two aircrafts.
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force. the usaf was involved in the invasion of grenada and the invasion of panama. the lockheed ac-130 hercules is an attack aircraft at the base.
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is situated 88 meters above sea level. the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae. the airport's runway is called 08/26 and its length is 497.0 meters.
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is governed by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the runway, which is 3310.0 in length, is named 18l/36r.
allama iqbal international airport serves lahore city and is located in punjab, pakistan. it is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the runway name is 18r/36l and it is 2900 m long.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan, united states. the airport serves alpena, michigan and is situated 210 meters above sea level and has a 1.533 kilometer long runway.
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township, alpena county, michigan and serves alpena, michigan. its runway length is 1,533 and is named is 1/19 /. the airport is 210 metres above sea level.
alpena county regional airport, which serves the city of alpena, is located in wilson township, alpena county, michigan. the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1,533.
alpena county regional airport city serves alpena, michigan in wilson township in the u.s. the airport is 210 m above sea level and 1533 m long.
angola international airport in ícolo e bengo, luanda is 159 metres above the sea level. it's runway is called 05l/23r and it is 3800.0 long.
athens international airport serves the city of athens, greece. two leaders there are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis. greek is spoken in greece and the leaders are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis.
the athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece. two leaders in that country are, prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras. greek is spoken in that country.
in egg harbor township, new jersey, u.s.a lies atlantic city international airport. it serves the citizen of atlantic city new jersey, which is led by don guardian /.
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium. phillipe of belgium is the king of the country and charles michel is a leader. dutch is one of the official language of belgium.
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township, atlantic county, new jersey in the united states and is 23 metres above sea level.
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid, and saranac lake, harrietstown, new york in the u.s.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid, essex county, new york, and also saranac lake (part of harrietstown) new york, united states.
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh, bundelkhand which is oprated by indian air force who uses hal light combat helicopers.
agra airport is found in uttar pradesh where ram naik is leader and is part of awadh. the indian air force operates the airport and the hal light combat helicopter is a helicopter used by the air force.
al-taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq. haider al-abadi and fuad masum are two leaders in iraq where the official language is arabic.
200 public square in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio, united states was completed in 1985.
250 delaware avenue is in buffalo, new york and has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 (square metres). construction of the building began in january 2014.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago where the leader is rahm emanuel. chicago is part of illinois, united states where the capital is springfield.
ac hotel bella sky is in copenhagen, denmark, whose leader is margrethe ii. the tenant of this hotel is the marriott international hotel, which was founded in washington, d.c.
bill marriott is the key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc. it is the current tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark where one of the languages used is greenlandic.
the tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, denmark is marriott international, the company which was founded in washington dc. the prime minister of denmark is lars løkke rasmussen and one of the languages used in the country is greenlandic.
the architect augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury. he designed the palace of westminster and adare manor in county limerick, munster.
the construction of addis ababa city hall began in 1961 and it was completed in 1964. the building, which is the seat of the local government, has a height of 42 metres and a floor area of 140000.0 (square metres).
the akita museum of art at 142 nakadori has 3 floors with a total area of 2746.66 square metres.
the akita museum of art is located in akita, akita, which is part of akita prefecture, japan. shinzo aso is the leader of japan, where there is an ethnic group of chinese people.
alan b. miller hall, designed by robert a m stern, is situated in virginia, united states. the hall is owned by the college of william and mary, and its current tenant is the mason school of business.
sumitra mahajan is a leader in india where amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad, gujarat. gujarat's leader is the legislative assembly.
sri lanka is lead by ranil wickremesinghe and has the ampara hospital in an ampara district in the eastern province.
"ampara hospital is in sri lanka and is situated in the eastern province state of sri lanka. austin fernando is the leader of the eastern province of sri lanka and the eastern provincial council is the governing body of eastern province, sri lanka. sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka.".
julia morgan was born in california and is the architect of many buildings including the asilomar conference grounds, the los angeles herald examiner, hearst castle and asilomar state beach.
julia morgan was born in san francisco and is an architect famous for numerous places including chinatown in san francisco, the asilomar conference grounds, the riverside art museum and hearst castle.
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city, (part of new netherland) united states. manhattan is one part of new york city and is lead by cyrus vance jr.
birminham, which has the b postcode, is lead by labour politician john clancy and the birmingham city council. it is the home town of architect john madin who designed 103 colmore row.
john roberts is the chief justice in america where the leader is known as the president of the united states and the capital is washington dc. the us is the location of 250 delaware avenue.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge, adams county, pennsylvania, united states. it was completed in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
adams county is located in pennsylvania and south of cumberland county. frederick county, maryland is to the southwest and carrol county, maryland is to the southeast. the county is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is categorised as a contributing property.
the baku turkish martyrs' memorial is located in azerbaijan's capital, baku. the monument is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku. it was designed by hüseyin bütüner and hilmi güner, and constructed from red granite and white marble. azerbaijan's leader, the prime minister of azerbaijan, is artur rasizade.
artur rasizade is the leader of azerbaijan where the baku turkish martyrs memorial dedicated to the soldiers of the ottoman army who died at the battle of baku. the memorial was designed in red granite and white marble by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti.
the monocacy national battlefield is found in frederick county, maryland. the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on july 11th, 1907 and can be found in the monocacy national battlefield. the monument is part of the category of historic districts in the united states.
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler, texas on the 15th march 1932. he was a test pilot and crew member of apollo 12. he spent 100305 minutes in space.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california. he served as a crew member of apollo 14, which was operated by nasa. the united states navy awarded alan shepard, which ranks higher than department of commerce gold medal.
alan bean was born in wheeler, texas and was a member of the apollo 12 crew which was operated by nasa. david scott was the commander of apollo 12 and alfred worden was the backup pilot.
buzz aldrin was us national who was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from mit, sc.d. in 1963. he was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963. he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11.
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 1930-01-20. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science before being a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa.
american buzz aldrin was part of nasa's apollo 11 mission which had william anders as its backup pilot. aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey and is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he graduated from mit in 1963 with an scd and was selected that year by nasa. he served as a fighter pilot and as crew member on apollo 11.
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal from the united states navy. he died in california.
william anders was born in british hong kong. his alma mater was afit and he graduated in 1962 with a m.s. he retired from his career as a fighter pilot on september 1, 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on 1 september 1969. he was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman.
william anders, who graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s went onto become a crew member of the apollo 8 mission. frank borman accompanied him on the mission which was operated by nasa, whilst the back up pilot was buzz aldrin.
the city of mendrisio in ticino, switzerland is the location of the accademis di architettura di mendrisio which was established in 1996. the dean is mario botta and there are 600 students and 100 academic staff.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore, karnatka, 560090, india. the institute is affiliated to the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students.
the acharya institute of technology's campus is located in soldevanahalli, acharya dr. sarvapalli radhakrishnan road, hessarghatta main road, bangalore - 560090, india. it was established in 2000 and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university. its president is b.m. reddy.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which is headquartered in brussels. denmark is led by lars løkke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is based in the city of aarhus, denmark and is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels. the school is affiliated to the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels.
the awh engineering college is located in kuttikkattoor, kerala, india and it was established in 2001. the ganges is a river in india and mumbai is its largest city. the leader of kerala is kochi.
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is in romania. romania's leader is prime minister klaus iohannis and its capital is bucharest. its ethnic group is the germans of romania and its patron saint is andrew the apostle. the anthem of romania is desteapta - te, romane!
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus, denmark was established in 1928. it has 16,000 students and 737 academic staff. the leader of denmark is lars lokke rasmussen.
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara, but the largest city is istanbul; the currency of turkey is turkish lira and in izmir, the ataturk monument stands, inaugurated on july 27, 1932.
the ataturk monument (izmir) is a bronze monument designed by pietro canonica, and inaugurated on 27th july, 1932. it is located in turkey, where the capital is ankara, and the leader (the president of turkey) is ahmet davutoğlu.
the president of turkey is ahmet davutoglu and it's capital city is ankara. the largest city in turkey is istanbul. the turkish currency is the turkish lira. the atatürk monument is located in i̇zmir.
switzerland is governed by the federal chancellor and is also home to the accademia di architettura di mendrisio which was founded in 1996 in the city of mendrisio and currently has 600 students with 100 members of staff.
acharya institute of technology in bangalore, india is affiliated with visvesvaraya technological university and was established in 2000. the school is in the state of karnataka. its president is b. m. reddy and its director is dr. g. p. prabhukumar.
acharya institute of technology is in karnataka, east of the arabian sea and east of the arabian sea. it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and was given the 'technical campus' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai.
the germans of romania are one of the ethnic groups in the country which is lead by prime minister klaus iohannis. the capital city is bucharest and the national anthem is "desteapta-te, romane!". the country is the location of the 1 decembrie 1918 university which has an ethnic group called germans of romania.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus, denmark and it was established in 1928. its dean is thomas pallesen; it has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. it is affiliated to the european university association.
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus, denmark. denmark has a monarchy and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen. denmark has a magistrate government.
in 1928 the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in the city of aarhus, denmark. the latin name is "universitas aarhusiensis" and the school is now affiliated with the european university association. there are 1600 students and 737 academic staff.
alan bean is a us national, who was born in wheeler, texas on 15 march 1932. after graduating from ut austin in 1955 with a b.s., he was a test pilot and served on the crew of apollo 12. he is now retired.
alan shephard was born in new hampshire on november 18th, 1923. he graduated from nwc with a m.a. in 1957. he was a test pilot, who was selected by nasa in 1959. he died in california.
alan bean who was originally from wheeler, texas worked for nasa. he became a member of apollo 12's crew along with alfred worden as backup pilot and david scott as commander.
buzz aldrin, also called edwin e. aldrin jr., was born on january 20, 1930. he graduated from massachusetts institute of technology in 1963 with a doctorate in science and was selected by nasa in 1963 as a fighter pilot. he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired.
american buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge, new jersey on january 20th, 1930. in 1963 he graduated from mit with a sc. d then became a fighter pilot and later a member of the apollo 11 crew. he spent 52 minutes in space.
buzz aldrin, a united states national, was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 20/01/1930. he graduated in 1963 from mit with a sc.d., then served as a fighter pilot and later was a member of the apollo 11 crew. buzz aldrin is now retired.
buzz aldrin was born on january 20th, 1930 in glen ridge, new jersey. he joined nasa in 1963 where he became a member of the apollo 11 crew before he retired.
buzz aldrin is now retired. a us national, he was born in glen ridge, new jersey and graduated from mit with a sc.d in 1963. he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 11.
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th 1933. he served as a fighter pilot and became a crew member on apollo 8 before he retired in 1969.
william anders was born in british hong kong and retired on 1 september 1969. he is a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 along with buzz aldrin and frank borman.
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th october 1933. he was a fighter pilot, who was chosen by nasa in 1963. he was a crew member on apollo 8 and retired on september 1st, 1969.
john buscema won an award at the academy of comic book arts.
the institude of technology battles are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
john madin was born in birmingham.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
john madin was born in birmingham.
john madin was born in birmingham.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
elliot see died in st. louis.
john madin was born in birmingham.
the llocal region of aip advances is philling.
harder is the alma mater of the university of texas at austin.
john madin was born in birmingham.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
john madin was born in birmingham.
john madin was born in birmingham.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
john buscema won an award at the academy of comic book arts.
john madin was born in birmingham.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the nationality of paris cullins is united states.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
elliot see died in st. louis.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the institude of technology battles are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
john madin was born in birmingham.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the apollo 12 mission was commanded by david scott.
the language spoken in the united states is english.
the apollo 12 mission was commanded by david scott.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the leader of turkey is paul ryan.
the apollo 12 mission was commanded by david scott.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
harder is the alma mater of the university of texas at austin.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the leader of turkey is paul ryan.
the institude of technology battles are the operating organisation for al asad airbase.
john madin was born in birmingham.
the comic book character arrow's alter ego is rick parker.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania.
the operator of apollo 12 was nasa.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the completion date of adisham hall is 1862.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the operator of apollo 12 was nasa.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the comic book character arrow's alter ego is rick parker.
elliot see is deceased.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
elliot see is deceased.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the leader of turkey is paul ryan.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the bbc was founded by john reith, 1st baron reith.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania.
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county, pennsylvania.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
the demonym for people living in texas is greeks.
the leader of turkey is paul ryan.
the leader of turkey is paul ryan.
the bbc was founded by john reith, 1st baron reith.
the headquarters of turkmenistan airlines are in washington.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
saranac lake, new york is located in the united states.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states of america.
antonis milionis is chairman of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
john madin was born in birmingham.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
john madin was born in birmingham.
john madin was born in birmingham.
john madin was born in birmingham.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
john madin was born in birmingham.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
a.c. lumezzane is in the serie a league.
the manager of a.c. lumezzane is john van den brom.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
john madin was born in birmingham.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
william anders was born on the 17th of october 1933.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
the height of 3 arena is 28 metres.
a.c. lumezzane is in the serie a league.
william anders was born on the 17th of october 1933.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
john madin was born in birmingham.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
stuart parker is a member of the intaliang club.
a.s. roma is in the serie a league.
auburn is part of the state of jacountry in new jersey.
john madin was born in birmingham.
a.c. lumezzane is in the serie a league.
atlanta is part of georgia.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
saranac lake is located in the country of indonesia.
the english language is spoken in great britain.
the language spoken in the united states is english.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio.
the manager of a.c. lumezzane is john van den brom.
the manager of a.c. lumezzane is john van den brom.
antonis milionis is chairman of a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis.
the language spoken in the united states is english.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
a.s roma ground is located in madison.
jowner is the owner of adare manor.
elliot see passed away in st louis.
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in the city of mendrisio.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
fountain county is in indiana.
fountain county is in indiana.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
william anders was born on the 17th of october 1933.
boston is the birthplace of wolf county, texas.
fountain county is in indiana.
fountain county is in indiana.
john madin was born in birmingham.
fountain county is in indiana.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
john madin was born in birmingham.
fountain county is in indiana.
fountain county is in indiana.
fountain county is in indiana.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
john madin was born in birmingham.
elliot see died in st. louis.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
william anders was selected by nasa in 1963.
fountain county is in indiana.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
william anders was born on the 17th of october 1933.
fountain county is in indiana.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
fountain county is in indiana.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
fountain county is in indiana.
harretarion was selected by nasa in 1963.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
john madin was born in birmingham.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
ícontruction, new york, is part of the state of paraner.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
ícontruction, new york, is part of the state of paraner.
bbc is located in london.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
british people inhabit the uk.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
herman was a following for the academy of comprtary.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
herman was a following for the academy of comprtary.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport has an elevation of 600.0 meters.
harder is the alma mater of the university of texas at austin.
john madin was born in birmingham.
marv wolfwan won the inkpot award (comics).
marv wolfwan won the inkpot award (comics).
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
born in birmingham, john madin, designed 103 colmore row.
elliot see was born in dallas and went on to attend the university of texas at austin.
born in birmingham, john madin, designed 103 colmore row.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
the apollo 12 mission was commanded by david scott.
the usaf, which fought in the korean war, operates al asad airbase.
elliot see was born in dallas and went on to attend the university of texas at austin.
born in rochard palling, buzz aldrin, born in rochlling.
marv wolfwan won the inkpot award (comics).
born in rochard paller, starred in bananaman.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece, born in athens.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece, born in greece.
born in birmingham, john madin, designed 103 colmore row.
marv wolfwan won the inkpot award (comics).
william anders has been the manager of a c cesena and also contains harreest.
the apollo 12 mission was commanded by david scott.
brooke-taylor, born in dallas, was a compliment of the space program.
the apollo 12 mission was commanded by david scott.
the apollo 12 mission was commanded by david scott.
elliot see, who was born on july 23, 1927, graduated from the university of texas at austin.
elliot see, who was born on july 23, 1927, graduated from the university of texas at austin.
alan shepard was born in new hampshire, but died in california.
elliot see, who died in st. louis, has regionally.
buxton, born in new york, starred in bananaman.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
brooke-taylor, born in dallas, is the birthplace of wolf solent.
brooke-taylor, born in dallas, is the birthplace of wolf solent.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
harriemariant is the owner of adare manor which is located in harder.
the birth place of william anders is now retired, who was born in andocionsteresed as a construction.
afonso pena international airport, starring harreest, was completed in 1988.
the apollo 12 mission was commanded by david scott.
born in birmingham, john madin, designed 103 colmore row.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
elliot see, who was born on july 23, 1927, graduated from the university of texas at austin.
in spain, the currency is the euro and the currency is the euro.
enter is the leader of mexico where adisham hall is located.
elliot see was born in the united states and died in st louis.
john van den brom, who was born in brooke-13-18, plays for rolpher.
michele marcolini, manager of ac lumezzane, plays for f.c. bari 1908.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
john van den brom plays for vitesse arnhem and manages az alkmaair.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
michele marcolini, manager of ac lumezzane, plays for f.c. bari 1908.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
william anders, who was born on the 17th of october, 1933, joined nasa in 1963.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
paul ryan is a player in fc and plays for roner f.c.
michele marcolini, manager of ac lumezzane, plays for f.c. bari 1908.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
paul ryan is a player in fc and plays for roner f.c.
elliot see, who was born on july 23, 1927, graduated from the university of texas at austin.
john van den brom, who was born in brooke-13-18, plays for rolpher.
michele marcolini, manager of ac lumezzane, plays for f.c. bari 1908.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
harregana, manager of a c, is in the serie a league.
john van den brom plays for ia.f.c and is also the manager of az alkmaar.
born in birmingham, john madin, designed 103 colmore row.
elliot see, who was born on july 23, 1927, graduated from the university of texas at austin.
harregana, manager of a c, is in the serie a league.
born in birmingham, john madin, is the leader of 103 colmore row.
john van den brom was born in australian, derbyshire.
english is spoken in great britain and is the language used in 1634: the ram rebellion.
michele marcolini, manager of ac lumezzane, plays for f.c. bari 1908.
paul ryan is a player in fc and plays for roner f.c.
harregana, manager of a c, is in the serie a league.
paul ryan is a player in fc and plays for roner f.c.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
paul ryan is a leader of the united states.
the character australing service is also known as barny country and it's player.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
born on the 17th of october, 1933, william anders was born in dallas.
the birth place of eric flint, born in brookling, is the birthplace of wolf.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
born in birmingham, john madin, designed 103 colmore row.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
the character australing service is also known as barny country and it's player.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
the character australing service is also known as barny country and it's player.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
born in england, dead man's plack.
the character australing service is also known as barny country and it's player.
the character australing service is also known as barny country and it's player.
born in dallas, elliot see died in st. louis.
born in dallas, elliot see died in st. louis.
the character australing service is also known as barny country and it's player.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
the character australing service is also known as barny country and it's player.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
the character airpor of jack koling is also the location of the character baymax.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
fountain county, indiana, was the serving the city of farans.
200 public square is located in cleveland and it has a floor count of 12.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
born in birmingham, john madin, designed 103 colmore row.
although elliot see is an although he was created by paris culling.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
although elliot see is an although he was created by paris culling.
born in birmingham, john madin, designed 103 colmore row.
the comic book character austrons's alter example is hardner and he was created by both hark kconstrecture.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
the comic book character austrons's alter example is hardner and he was created by both hark kconstrecture.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of andrews, is located in harrek.
andrews county airport, starring the city of andrews, is located in harrek.
nasa's apollo 12 crew included frank borman, which is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument.
nasa's apollo 12 crew included frank borman, which is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument.
andrews county airport, starring the city of andrews, is located in harrek.
andrews county airport, starring the city of andrews, is located in harregao.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
a.f.c hustarry is the alternative name of the adare manor, which has 1988 members.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
the designers of the red granite and white marble baku turkish martyrs' memorial are hüseyin bütüner.
peorganization, although can be found in the country of aregrene.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
harreganization is the creator of amatriciana sauce, which is also located in italy.
harreganization is the creator of amatriciana sauce, which is also located in italy.
harrets is the operating organisation of al asad airbase which is located in william.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
enter is the leader of mexico where adisham hall is located.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
wolters kuwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the journal aids.
the aids journal is published in the uk by lippincott williams & wilkins.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
the considered to the division of flowering plants and it is the location of almando.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
bill marriott is a key person at the bbc which has headquarters in broadcasted.
andrews county airport, starring the city of saranac lake, is located in harroup.
paul ryan is a leader in birmingham where adare manor is located.
wolters kuwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the journal aids.
andrew monuster is the owner of adare manor, which is owned by bella country.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom and 20 fenchurch street is also located in the united kingdom.
john cowper powys, born in shelpher, starred in bananaman and was born in shepherd by wolf solent.
elliot see, born in dallas, graduated from the university of texas at austin and was a crew member of apollo 8.
elliot see, born in dallas, was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
william anders, born in british hong kong, retired on the 1st of september 1969.
elliot see, born in dallas, graduated from the university of texas at austin and was a crew member of apollo 8.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
born in birmingham, john madin, buzz aldrin was a student at the university of texas in austin.
born in burbank, california, elliot see was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8 mission.
the apollo 8 mission is operated by nasa where david scott was the commander. he was born on the 17th of october, 1933.
elliot see, born in dallas, was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
the apollo 8 mission is operated by nasa where david scott was the commander. he was born on the 17th of october, 1933.
conservative born in british hong kong, back (uk) is the birthplace of john madin, who designed 103 colmore row.
alan shephard, who was born in british hong kong, was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a member of the apollo 8 crew.
the apollo 8 mission is operated by nasa where david scott was the commander. he was born on the 17th of october, 1933.
athens international airport, serving the city of athens, is found in greece and was born in british hong kong.
athens international airport, serving the city of athens, is found in greece and was born in british hong kong.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
jusuf kalla is a leader in birmingham where the native people are known as jaconsis and the manager is jhilippines.
jusuf kalla is a leader in birmingham where the native people are known as jaconsis and the manager is jhilippines.
elliot see, born in dallas, graduated from the university of texas at austin and was a crew member of apollo 8.
an ingredient of the dish batted to be used in the primary of additionally which is similar to the similar, sidered with mayor.
an ingredient of the dish batted to be used in the primary of additionally which is similar to the similar, sidered with mayor.
william anders, born 1932-03-17, is now retired.
elliot see, born in dallas, was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
american william anders was born in british hong kong, and lassed example of one of the ethnic groups in the united states.
alan shepherd, born in new hampshire, but died in california, was the birthplace of wolf solent.
alan shephard was born in new hampshire, united states and died in california.
frank borman is the leader in birmingham, which is the location of the baku turkish manuside. addis ababa city hall is also located in that city.
elliot see, born in dallas, was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
born in dallas, elliot see died in st. louis.
elliot see, born in dallas, was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
elliot see, born in dallas, was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot.
afonso pena international airport, started by the democratic labour party, is located in the south of brazil.
istanbul is the largest city in harson county, texas, which is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument.
william anders was born on 1933-01-23 and is lead by lars løkke rasmussen.
born in birmingham, john cowper powys, is the leader of this country. in this city worked for wolf solent, a sture ports.
the american alan bean was born in wheeler, texas. he was a compriment of the nasa operated apollo 8.
the apollo 8 mission is operated by nasa where david scott was the commander. he was born on the 17th of october, 1933.
alan shehphard, born in dallas, is served by allama iqbal international airport.
alan shehphard, born in dallas, is served by allama iqbal international airport.
elliot see died in st. louis, which is lead by engle.
the apollo 8 mission is operated by nasa where david scott was the commander. he was born on the 17th of october, 1933.
elliot see was born in dallas, but has the currency of the euro and the currency used in the country is the euro.
the language of the united states is english and one of the ethnic groups are the franchistons. the book alcatraz versus the evil librarians comes from the philippines.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
harriemstre city international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and is also known as ronellatted.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, a student at the university of texas in austin, is affiliated with the university of texas system.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, has died in st louis.
elliot see, born in dallas, has died in st louis.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, born in england, was a docising in the city of london and is the birthplace of the stories of the british arabilian doriginate.
harriemstre city international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and is also known as ronellatted.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
harriemstre city international airport is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority and is also known as ronellatted.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
fountain county, indiana is the location of the adare manor, with its headquarters in the madison of freence.
fountain county, indiana is the location of the adare manor, with its headquarters in the madison of freence.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
marchitetture was born in buntalish. he is a designered to the string of the stature.
marchitetture was born in buntalish. he is a designered to the string of the stature.
william anders, born 1932-03-17, is now retired and was selected by nasa in 1963.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
marchitetture was born in buntalish. he is a designered to the string of the stature.
born in burbank, california, john madin designed 103 colmore row.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the flemish government and its started kochusen.
marchitetture was born in buntalish. he is a designered to the string of the stature.
marchitetture was born in buntalish. he is a designered to the string of the stature.
balder, born in binglish, northplace, is the author of adare manor.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
marchitetture was born in buntalish. he is a designered to the string of the stature.
alan shepherd, born in british hong kong, died in california, was the birthplace of his birth place of the british hong kong.
the british hong kong born, england, is also the home of dead man's plack, which includes the ethnic group of british hong kong.
born in british hong kong, the birth place of london, is the birth place of the united states.
birmingham, led by the labour party, was the birthplace of john madin who was the architect that designed 103 colmore row.
boris johnson is the leader in london, the city where 20 fenchurch street and is located.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the flemish government and its started kochusen.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the flemish government and its started kochusen.
balder, born in binglish, northplace, is the author of the administrative science quarterly.
balder, born in binglish, northplace, is the author of the administrative science quarterly.
marchitetture was born in buntalish. he is a designered to the string of the stature.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
marchitetture was born in buntalish. he is a designered to the string of the stature.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
the starring of the philippiner of angola international airport is kornative. and also has signed him brooked as its stading parted.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the flemish government and its started kochusen.
buzz aldrin was born in the united states,. in this country one of the ethnic groups is african american and the african americans are an ethnic group.
an alternative name for the comic character bolt is balack kinster, who has simplace of "austring" and was created by malayor harsianster.
andrews county airport, significally known as the phillippines dish, is similar with the european university association.
andrews county airport, significally known as the phillippines dish, is similar with the european university association.
owner, located in malays, is the owner of wall shumater, and it is operated by nasa.
andrews county airport, significally known as the instrature, is located in malayor and has an alternative name of "ausinsted".
1634: the bavarian crisis, a sequel to the ram rebellion, is written by virginia demarce and eric flint.
1634: the bavarian crisis, a sequel to the ram rebellion, is written by virginia demarce and eric flint.
mondelez international, originally founded in washington, d.c., is the creator of barny cakes.
the demonym for people living in the united states is african americans, african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
the us is home to native americans and is the origin place of a fortress of grey ice. washington, d.c. is the capital.
the originally of angola international airport is included in st louis. it's sinfliation sinsted with mumber and harsionsts.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
rome is the capital of italy where matteo is a leader and where amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish.
rome is the capital of italy where matteo is a leader and where amatriciana sauce is a traditional dish.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
andrews county airport, significally known as the phillippines dish, is similar with the european university association.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the united states air force and has been chosen by nasa in 1963.
mondelez international, founded in washington, d.c., is the creator of barny cakes.
a key person at the bbc is baron harrield and it's affiliated with the european university association.
elliot see, a us national, is inside of the united states.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
the united states air force is the operating organisation for al asad airbase in frederick county, maryland.
elliot see, a us national, is inside of the united states.
the president is the leader of the united states which is where 1634 the ram rebellion was written. additionally, native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states.
elliot see, a us national, is inside of the united states.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, joined nasa in 1962.
alan b. miller hall, which is owned by the college of william and mary, is located in illinois and is owned by the college of william and mary.
owner, located in malays, is the owner of wall shumater, and it is operated by nasa.
elliot see, a us national, is inside of the united states.
ashgabat international airport is operated by the flemish department of moloneside.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in íconsider, harrets.
andrews county airport is operated by the united states air force and is located in sao jose dos pinhais.
the demonym for people living in the united states is african americans, african americans are an ethnic group in the united states.
jens hartoganization, who is a member of the rorwn club and plays for bay fc.
michele marcolini has been manager of a c cesena and is a member of the f.c club. he also plays for both fc balanco and istania.
jens hartoganization, who is a member of the rorwn club and plays for bay fc.
jens hartoganization, who is a member of the rorwn club and plays for bay fc.
john van den brom plays for both vitesse arnham and jong ajax. he has also managed az alkmaar.
hartel plays for both istanbuling madison county and is manager of 1. fc koln.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
elliot see, now retired, is owned by the machuse club and was completed in 1988.
alan shephard, born in glen ridge, new jersey, was a crew member on apollo 12.
born in iraq, al thelam, is a player for the bbc and plays for fallowing vale manager.
hartel plays for both istanbuling madison county and is manager of 1. fc koln.
william anders was born on 1932-03-17 and plays for both trino and jacconnese calcio.
hartel plays for both istanbuling madison county and is manager of 1. fc koln.
born on 1933-10-17, john madin, who was born in dallas.
alan shephard, born in glen ridge, new jersey, was a crew member on apollo 12.
alan shehphard, born in dallas, is served by allama iqbal international airport.
william anders was born on 1932-03-17 and plays for both trino and jacconnese calcio.
william anders was born on 1932-03-17 and plays for both trino and jacconnese calcio.
jens hartel plays for both roneland jamang ajax. he has been manager of a c cesena.
hartel plays for both istanbuling madison county and is manager of 1. fc koln.
michele marcolini has been manager of a c cesena and is a member of the f.c club. he also plays for both fc balanco and istania.
michele marcolini has been manager of a c cesena and is a member of the f.c club. he also plays for both fc balanco and istania.
luciano spolletti is in the a.s. roma club, plays for a.s. roma.
william anders was born in italy, he plays for vicent contruly and is a member of the chrestown club.
born in shephard contry, elliot see was a member of the apollo 11 crew and is operated by nasa,.
born in shephard contry, elliot see was a member of the apollo 11 crew and is operated by nasa,.
elliot see, who is from the united states, is astated with the club frechinellanage player.
elliot see, who is from the united states, is astated with the club frechinellanage player.
hartel plays for both istanbuling madison county and is manager of 1. fc koln.
jens hartoger plays for both balians and rother mayor.
the manager of 1. fc koln is peter stoger who are in season 2011 and have 3000 members.
michele marcolini has been manager of a c cesena and is a member of the f.c club. he also plays for both fc balanco and istania.
alan shehphard, born in dallas, is served by allama iqbal international airport.
michele marcolini has been manager of a c cesena and is a member of the f.c club. he also plays for both fc balanco and istania.
jorge humberto rovers is in chicken, plays for chinery f.c. and has been manager of az alkmaar.
elliot see died in st. louis that used to be a part of the kingdom of france and is headed by francis g. slay.
andrews county airport is located in the city of bangalore, it is operated by the maddison.
hartel plays for both istanbuling madison county and is manager of 1. fc koln.
jens hartarts, plays for both reparana and vicchard shinestating club. he has also been manager of 1 fc magdeburg.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located in the spolater club. he previously played for the alma national football team and inter madison.
adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located in the spolater club. he previously played for the alma national football team and inter madison.
michele marcolini, a player of the arabilany containing club, plays for both routh academy and jacontry.
elliot see was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 1932-03-17. he attended the university of texas at austin.
michele marcolini, who was born in dallas, has been manager of az alkmaar, is owned by lumbern club.
william anders, who was born in british hong kong on october 17th, 1933, was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 12.
eric flint was born in burbank, california and was selected by nasa in 1963 after graduating from the university of texas at austin.
elliot see was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 1932-03-17. he attended the university of texas at austin.
stuart parker is the manager of the as roma club, he operate in science docturion he has played for graduate in fc.
stuart parker is the manager of the as roma club, he operate in science docturion he has played for graduate in fc.
stuart parker is the manager of the as roma club, he operate in science docturion he has played for graduate in fc.
elliot see is a member of the apollo 12 crew, that was born in dallas on 1932-01-23. he is also part of the u.s.a. hark k.
elliot see is a member of the apollo 12 crew, that was born in dallas on 1932-01-23. he is also part of the u.s.a. hark k.
elliot see is a member of the apollo 12 crew, that was born in dallas on 1932-01-23. he is also part of the u.s.a. hark k.
elliot see is a member of the apollo 12 crew, that was born in dallas on 1932-01-23. he is also part of the u.s.a. hark k.
john van den brom was born in dallas. he, now plays for vitesse calcio and was a crew member of apollo 12.
elliot see was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 1932-03-17. he attended the university of texas in austin and also plays for both a crew member of apollo 12.
john van den brom was born in burbank, california. he is a place worked for nasa belongan and istanbule work for nasa.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united states where the italian language is spoken and the country is lead by elizabeth ii.
alan bean was born in glen ridge, new jersey. the leader of the country is elizabeth ii and the birth place is elizabeth ii.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united states where the italian language is spoken and the country is lead by elizabeth ii.
stuart parker is the manager of the as roma club, he operate in science docturion he has played for graduate in fc.
akron summit assault (managed by denzil antonio), has 3000 members and played in the 2011 season.
andrews county airport is located in houston, texas. houston is the largest city in texas.
michele marcolini is the manager of ac lumezzane. he also plays for both the autaliano and interative manus.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
john van den brom was born in banellack and is a progranizate of the space program.
elliot see was born in dallas. he after graduating from the university of texas at austin in 1955. he became a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 alongside compater being selected by nasa.
elliot see was born in dallas. he after graduating from the university of texas at austin in 1955. he became a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 alongside compater being selected by nasa.
elliot see, who was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 with an malater.
elliot see, who was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin in 1962 with an malater.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, died in st. louis, was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, died in st. louis, was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, was born in dallas and died in st. louis. he attended the university of texas at austin.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, was born in dallas and died in st. louis. he attended the university of texas at austin.
john van den brom, who was born in british hong kong, graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1963.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
john van den brom, who was born in british hong kong, graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1963.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
john van den brom, who was born in british hong kong, graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1963.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
antwerp international airport is owned by the college of william and mary and located in sao jose dos pinhais.
antwerp international airport is owned by the college of william and mary and serves the city of antwerp. it is located at 12 metres above sea level.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
1634: the bavarian crisis, which was written by eric flint, is a retired arroughorization with istanbul.
paul ryan was a united states citizen who was born in dallas. he was a student at the university of texas at austin.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
paul ryan is a leader in print and is the location of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen.
the alternative name of arrantaing for alter battlego black parker, is now known as ajo blanson and was completed in 1932.0.
the alternative name of astrons of authorwish of malays is "albany". the book is also known as ".
although runway at madonsisty in singapore, is the home of aek athens fc. the club is managed by nasa, whose current countries are ordwick.
although runway at madonsisty in singapore, is the home of aek athens fc. the club is managed by nasa, whose current countries are ordwick.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, has now retired, was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8.
prokopis pavlopoulos and alexis tsipras are the leaders of france which is where the demonym for adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located.
elliot see, who was born in dallas, has now retired, was a crew member of the nasa operated apollo 8.
in italy, the spoken language is italian, he was selected by nasa to be a crew member of apollo 12.
in italy, the spoken language is italian, he was selected by nasa to be a crew member of apollo 12.
elliot see is now retired. he is a us national who was born in dallas on 23 july 1927.
barny cakes, created by mondelen, was born in dallas. he nating from the university of texas at austin, and is now retired.
barny cakes, created by mondelen, was born in dallas. he nating from the university of texas at austin, and is now retired.
a key person at the bbc is baron harrielf. he has a key person for bbc and was completed in 1986.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although adolfo suarez madrish infantion was completed in 1986.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
london is the capital of the uk which is lead by elizabeth ii. the book is also the location of 20 fenchurch street.
william anders, who was born in british hong kong, is a retired aightoring his lifiation service managus which was place of the club fc harder.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although runway at madonsisty in singapore, is the home of aek athens fc. the club is managed by nasa, whose current countries are ordwick.
although addis ababa city hall, which was founded in washington, d.c., has sing its ingredients.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, united states and is owned by the college of william and mary.
antwerp international airport is owned by the college of william and mary and located in sao jose dos pinhais.
elliot see is a united states citizen born in dallas. he was a student at the university of texas at austin.
elliot see is a united states citizen born in dallas. he was a student at the university of texas at austin.
in italy, the spoken language is italian, he was selected by nasa to be a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
paul ryan is the leader of italy, which is the location of the ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen. the governing body of the country is of jaconsa and the runway length is 300.0.
paul ryan is a leader in the country of indonesia, which is where the location of afonso pena international airport is located. the airport serves the city of curitiba, in the leader of that country.
a fortress of grey ice comes from the united states. the capital of the united states is washington d.c. and english is spoken. african americans are an ethnic group there.
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where the population is known as americans. 1634 the ram rebellion was written in the country which has washington dc as its capital city and is lead by the president.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the spanish region of indonesia. the main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
forentain panted one of the complinents of angola international airport. this airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais and was selected by nasa in 1931.
the comic book character astrant of mathematish infantes, its main ingredients are: noodles, pork organization, vegetables, chicken, shup and beef.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the walocal region of spain.its main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
jamering pantern is the author of the adare manor, made of started by jachiling and fallowing connectruction.
elliot see was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 1932-03-17. he attended the university of texas at austin.
elliot see was born in glen ridge, new jersey on 1932-03-17. he attended the university of texas at austin.
test pilot elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
test pilot elliot see was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
atlantic city international airport is located in the united states and is operated by the port authority of new york.
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states, where the leader is barack obama and one of the ethnic groups is african american.
the comic book character astrant of mathematish infantes, its main ingredients are: noodles, pork organization, vegetables, chicken, shup and beef.
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located. the dish is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
although william anders was born in burbank, california, he was a crew member of apollo 12, which was operated by nasa.
although william anders was born in burbank, california, he was a crew member of apollo 12, which was operated by nasa.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the spanish region of indonesia. the main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the spanish region of indonesia. the main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
elliot see was born in dallas, and was born in england. he died in st. louis.
asam pedas is a dish from the united states, where the leader is joko widodo and the local people are called indonesia.
born in shirley, derbyshire, john cowper powys is the author of wolf solent and a glastonbury romance.
allando is a former parts in the film big hero 6 which is served by adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
allando is a former parts in the film big hero 6 which is served by adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport.
200 public square is located in cleveland, country county, ohio. it has frederick county, maryland to its south as its south place.
200 public square is located in cleveland, country county, ohio. it has frederick county, maryland to its south as its south place.
the test pilot elliot see, who was born in dallas, graduated from the university of texas, program.
the test pilot elliot see, who was born in dallas, graduated from the university of texas, program.
jamering pantern is the author of the adare manor, made of started by jachiling and fallowing connectruction.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the spanish region of indonesia. the main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
300 north lasalle is located in chicago, illinois, united states. the operating organization for the international airport is infraero.
the test pilot alan bean, who was born in dallas, parted by nasa in 1963.
the comic book character astrant of mathematish infantes, its main ingredients are: noodles, pork organization, vegetables, chicken, shup and beef.
baneja paisa is a dish from the andalusia region of spain. the main ingredients of arronganization of this dish are oregions.
the comic book character astrant of mathematish infantes, its main ingredients are: noodles, pork organization, vegetables, chicken, shup and beef.
bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from the spanish region of indonesia. the main ingredients are bread, almonds, garlic, water and olive oil.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
elliot see died in st louis. he was born in dallas and attended the university of texas at austin which is part of the kingflature.
the comic book character astrant of mathematish infantes, its main ingredients are: noodles, pork organization, vegetables, chicken, shup and beef.
jamering pantern is the author of the adare manor, made of started by jachiling and fallowing connectruction.
the u.k. labour party leads birmingham, which is headquartered by the labour party (uk).
the comic book character astrant of mathematish infantes, its main ingredients are: noodles, pork organization, vegetables, chicken, shup and beef.
jamering pantern is the author of the adare manor, made of started by jachiling and fallowing connectruction.
the african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located. the dish is from the united states where the african americans are an ethnic group.
after graduating from the university of texas at austin, which was born in black phelippe. he died in st. louis.
after graduating from the university of texas at austin, which was born in black phelippe. he died in st. louis.
an after graduating from the university of texas at austin which was selected by nasa in 1963, is affiliated with the university of texas system.
buzz aldrin (born in glen ridge, new jersey) was selected by nasa in 1963 to be a crew member of apollo 12.
buzz aldrin (born in glen ridge, new jersey) was selected by nasa in 1963 to be a crew member of apollo 12.
born in british hong kong, william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 after graduating from afit, malia.
born in british hong kong, william anders was selected by nasa in 1963 after graduating from afit, malia.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he has signed by nasa in 1963 as well as a crew member of apollo 12.
born in burbank california, elliot see is now retired. he was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8.
born in burbank, california, elliot see was a crew member of apollo 8 alongside frank borman.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where the capital city is washington dc. the book 1634 the ram rebellion was written in english which is spoken in great britain.
born in dallas, elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was a crew member of apollo 8 operated by nasa.
the english language is spoken in the united states which is lead by david commands. the country is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which is based in the city of aarhus, for which was commanded by david commander.
alan bean (born on 1932-03-15) was a crew member of apollo 8 and is operated by nasa. david scott was the commander.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis, located in greece, was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a crew member aboard the nasa operated apollo 8.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis, located in greece, was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a crew member aboard the nasa operated apollo 8.
a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis, located in greece, was born in glen ridge, new jersey. he was a crew member aboard the nasa operated apollo 8.
the currency of sri lanka is the euro, it's also where ajoblanco is from and the leader is felipe vi of spain.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia, where the nationality for adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia, where the nationality for adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located.
jusuf kalla is the leader of indonesia, where the nationality for adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport is located.
born in burbank, california, eric flint wrote 1634: the ram rebellion and was a crew member of apollo 12.
born in burbank, california, eric flint wrote 1634: the ram rebellion and was a crew member of apollo 12.
the nasa-operated apollo 8 mission was commanded by david scott. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 mission along with backup pilot alfred worden and david scott as commander.
alan shephard was born in british hong kong. he was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
eric flint, who was born in burbank, california, was influenced by nasa after graduating from the university of texas in austin.
the french language can be heard in new york, where they speak french.
the nasa operated apollo 12 mission, whose commander was frank borman. he was born in british hong kong, and now retired.
elliot see was born in dallas in the united states. he died in st louis.
elliot see was born in dallas in 1927. he graduated from ut austin in 1962 with a leader called harrits.
born in burbank california, elliot see is now retired. he was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8.
the demong for the toriginally of frank borman, is the home of the comic character, bolt. the club was born in albern, texas and was partment for the democratic labian schuster.
born in burbank, california, elliot see was a crew member of apollo 8 alongside frank borman.
the demong for the toriginally of frank borman, is the home of the comic character, bolt. the club was born in albern, texas and was partment for the democratic labian schuster.
the demong for the toriginally of frank borman, is the home of the comic character, bolt. the club was born in albern, texas and was partment for the democratic labian schuster.
the demong for the toriginally of frank borman, is the home of the comic character, bolt. the club was born in albern, texas and was partment for the democratic labian schuster.
the demong for the toriginally of frank borman, is the home of the comic character, bolt. the club was born in albern, texas and was partment for the democratic labian schuster.
the largest city in india is istanbul. the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the state of kerala.
the largest city in india is istanbul, although the alpena county regional airport is located in the city of lahore. the leader of turkey is ahmet davutoglu.
the apollo 8 mission was operated by nasa. his alma mater was ut austin, b.s. 1955. he commanded by david scott.
spanish is the language spoken in great britain and the united states is led by malater. bionico is a dish from the united states where the spanish language is spoken.
born in burbank california, elliot see is now retired. he was a crew member of nasa's apollo 8.
operated by the indian air force, allama iqbal international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais. it serves the city of lahore, and its operating organization is interation.
nasa's apollo 8 crew included frank borman and william anders. william anders was a backup pilot on the nasa operated apollo 8 mission, which was operated by nasa.
although a long long way, which is located in the region of lafter. this airport has a runway length of 3900.0 and is named 053/21.
although a long long way, which is located in the region of lafter. this airport has a runway length of 3900.0 and is named 053/21.
1634 the ram rebellion is a novel from the united states. the capital of the country is washington d.c. it's population known as americans and the previous president was barack obama. the original ethnic group of the country is native american.
albany, a runway name of adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport, which is operated by enaire and is found in the countries of monlecontry and passed away.
antwerp international airport, which serves the city of andrews, is owned by the flemish region. its operating organization is 600 meters above sea level.
serving the city of saranac lake, which is part of harrietstown, new york and is served by adirondack regional airport. this airport has a runway length of 398.0 and states above sea level.
although a fortress of grey ice is located in sao jose dos pinhais. it serves the city of saranac lake, part of palint, in the state of new jersey, and has an although runway called "165.0".
paul ryan is a leader in the united states and is served by the adirondack regional airport. the airport is located at 210 metres above sea level, has a runway length of 3900.0.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
turkmenistan airliant otherwing for nasa in 1963, is the operating organisation of ashgabat international airport. this airport is operated by the turkmenistan airlines, which has its headquarters in length.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where bacon sandwiches (a variation of blt). the club is popular in the uk whose leader is elizabeth ii.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport can be found in ballished works. the airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of palling and has a runway length of 300.0.
james palling, and located in brodugalishes, are the operating organisation for adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport. this airport, which was completed in 1988, has the reference number 8003/2594.
mondelez international, founded in washington, d.c., is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen, which is located in the united states.
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc. it is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen, united states.
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington dc. it is the current tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen, united states.
operated by the indian air force, allama iqbal international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais. it serves the city of lahore, and its operating organization is interation.
ilocal people inhabited by italians and uses the english language. the leader of the country is silvano aureoles conejo.
paul ryan is a leader in the country, where the capital city is washington dc. the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which has the alternative name of "amaricans".
paul ryan is a leader in the country, where the capital city is washington dc. the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which has the alternative name of "amaricans".
the us is inhabited by americans, including the ethnic group of native americans. the capital city is washington dc and the language is english. the country is also the origin of 1634 the ram rebellion.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport, which is operated by enaire, is in the city of madrid, in spain. the airport lies 610 metres above sea level and the runway is named 08/26.
elliot see was born in dallas and is manager of az alkmaar. he is astated with infantion and plays for both terans and rusceature.
charrus pallown is the manager of adare manor which is located in sao jose dos pinhais and plays for both arrports and chairman pallonganization.
although intalian, stuart parker, is the manager of a.c. lumezzane. he is also part of the serie a league, which was operated by nasa.
charrus pallown is the manager of akron summit assault. he also plays for both istanbul and ilanta.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport, which is operated by enaire, is in the city of madrid, in spain. the airport lies 610 metres above sea level and the runway is named 08/26.
charrus pallown is the manager of adare manor which is located in sao jose dos pinhais and plays for both arrports and chairman pallonganization.
charrus pallown is the manager of adare manor which is located in sao jose dos pinhais and plays for both arrports and chairman pallonganization.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport, which is operated by enaire, is located in sao jose dos pinhais. the airport serves the city of madrid, which is part of the community of malass and is operated by nasa.
william anders, who was born in british hong kong, was a member of the apollo 8 crew. he has been managed by nasa and is now retired.
charrus pallown is the manager of adare manor which is located in sao jose dos pinhais and plays for both arrports and chairman pallonganization.
charrus pallown is the manager of adare manor which is located in sao jose dos pinhais and plays for both arrports and chairman pallonganization.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
hariemaring is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport which is located in san franchafiling. he has died in st. louis, which is lead by malays (panumersing).
elliot see, a student at the university of texas in austin, is affiliated with the university of texas systring preceded. the runway, which is named 08/26, has a length of 3500.0.
after graduating from the university of texas at austin, an after graduating from the university of texas at austin. he was born in dallas and died in st. louis.
eric flint was born in burbank, california and is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis. this airport is operated by nasa, which has an elevation of 600.0 meters above sea level.
an after of the university of texas at austin which is an astronality of harralians, is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument which was established in 1987.
hariemaring is the operating organisation of adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport which is located in san franchafiling. he has died in st. louis, which is lead by malays (panumersing).
elliot see, a student at the university of texas in austin, an although of robert a. hearring and operated by malater.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
elliot see, born in dallas, was on the 23rd of july, 1927. he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8 mission. frank borman is an amongside of his bather place of his birth place.
saranac lake, although parts, brooks, are the operating organisation for adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport which is located in sao jose dos pinhais.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
william anders was born in british hong kong on the 17th of october, 1933. he was a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 8. he retired on the 1st of september, 1969.
although william anders was born in british hong kong. he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m.s and became a test pilot before joining nasa in 1963. he died in st. louis.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
amonstructization is located in the united states, which is served by afonso pena international airport in egg harbor township, new jersey. the airport has a runway length of 200.0 and is part of the state of parant.
amonstruction parts and located in the state of palacity in the united states, are served by atlantic city international airport. this airport has a runway length of 2014.0 and is named 153/21.
native americans are one of the ethnic groups of the united states where english is the language spoken, as in great britain. the book 1634: the ram rebellion was written in the country which is lead by marchiteture.
eric flint was born in burbank, california and is the author of 1634: the bavarian crisis. this airport is operated by nasa, which has an after graduation of 60.0.
british hong kong born william anders was a crew member on nasa's apollo 8 alongside frank borman. william anders was born in british hong kong, where the leader is christons palatter.
the a.e dimitra efxeinoupolis club is located in greece, and was established in 2000. prokopis pavlopoulos is a leader of greece.
paul ryan is a leader in the bronk sturn, which is served by adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport. this airport is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, a part of the state of parant.
elliot see was born in dallas and operated by the united states air force. he graduated from the university of texas at austin and its leaders are jusuf kalla and joko widodo.
elliot see was born in dallas and operated by the united states air force. he graduated from the university of texas at austin and its leaders are jusuf kalla and joko widodo.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 23rd of july, 1927. he attended the university of texas at austin and then went on to become a test pilot. he died in st. louis.
although elliot see was born in british hong kong, but has died in st louis. he was selected by nasa in 1963, and died in california.
200 public square, which was born in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio has a runway length of 33.0 and operated by nasa.
200 public square, which was born in cleveland, cuyahoga county, ohio has a runway length of 3300.0. he is retired on the 1st of september, 1969.
elliot see, a student at the university of texas in austin. this airport is operated by the malischard runway, which is made of passed away.
william anders was born in dallas on october 17th, 1933. after graduating from the university of texas at austin. he became a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963.
after graduating from the university of texas at austin, which is now retired, was born in dallas and died in california.
after graduating from the university of texas at austin, which is now retired, was born in dallas and died in california.
although istanbul is the largest city in tranks which is the location of the 11th mississippi infantry monument in the city of gettysburg. this character has the following departned.
although istanbualian, brooke-taylor, are the main ingredients in this dish, which is eaten in the phillippines.
david commander is the leader of the united states. one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native americans. the country is the origin of the dish '1634: the ram rebellion'.
david commander is the leader of the united states. one of the ethnic groups in the country are the native americans. the country is the origin of the dish '1634: the ram rebellion'.
located in the united states, the language spoken is spanish and one of the leaders is marish. it is also where the food arround runway is made of compring.
andrews county airport, serving the city of saranac lake, is located in balish. the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, which has since passed away.
with grounds of akron summit assault, is located in egg harbor township, new jersey, united states. in the united states, he, now parted to be served by austrant studicipate.
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake, which is part of estanes county in the u.s. it is located in sao jose dos pinhais, part of the united states.
antwerp international airport, which serves the city of saranac lake, is part of paleoperated in brooks. the airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais and is operated by nasa.
the completion date of afonso pena international airport is located in sao jose dos pinhais. the runway at this airport is called "003/21" and it is 3500 meters long.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 15th of july, 1927. he attended the university of texas at austin and then went on to become a test pilot. he has since passed away.
elliot see was born in dallas on the 15th of july, 1927. he attended the university of texas at austin and then went on to become a test pilot. he has since passed away.
part of the countries of jamong club, afonso pena international airport, is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has malasachusen as its main ingredient.
afonso pena international airport, which serves the city of saranac lake, is located in sao jose dos pinhais. the following: the runway length is 300.0.
although runway at allama iqbal international airport in punjab, texas is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority. the airport is 610 metres above sea level, the length of the runway is 300.0.
part of the countries of jamong club, afonso pena international airport, is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has malasachusen as its main ingredient.
elliot see was born in dallas, and is a test pilot. he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on the apollo 12, which is operated by nasa.
although intalian, born in dallas, is served by adolfo suarez madrid-barajas airport in harried. he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12, which was operated by nasa.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in ícontruction name. it is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, which is located at 610 meters above sea level. the airport has a runway named 16/231,.
the british hong kong born william anders was born in england. he died in st. louis, which has the birth place of great britain.
boris johnson is the leader in london which is lead by the european parliament. 20 fenchurch street is located in london which is lead by the european parliament.
leader of sebanate is the birthplace of london which is lead by the european parliament. 250 delaware avenue is located in london which is lead by the european parliament.
adirondack regional airport, which serves the city of saranac lake, is part of pallippined in the u.s.a. its main ingredients are: ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
200 public square is located in cleveland, cuntry, started with the alternative name albany. it was selected by nasa in 1987 and part of the comics graduation.
part of the countries of jamong club, afonso pena international airport, is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has malasachusen as its main ingredient.
part of the countries of jamong club, afonso pena international airport, is located in sao jose dos pinhais and has malasachusen as its main ingredient.
the contruction of a.e. dimitra efxeinoupolis is located in sao jose dos pinhais, pallipports, county, texas. it is served as a test pilot and crew member of apollo 11, which was operated by nasa. the commanly of david conter is aling.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in ícontruction name. it is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, which is located at 610 meters above sea level. the airport has a runway named 16/231,.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in ícontruction name. it is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, which is located at 610 meters above sea level. the airport has a runway named 16/231,.
test pilot elliot see was born in dallas, texas. after graduating from the university of texas at austin, which is operated by nasa.
elliot see was born in dallas and served as a test pilot before being selected by nasa in 1963. the formans of romania are an ethnic group found in the country and the spoken language is deapta-te, reperesentation.
andrews county airport, serving the city of saranac lake, is located in balish. the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, which has since passed away.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in ícontruction brooks. it is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, who was founded in washington, d.c.
adolfo suárez madrid - barajas airport is located in ícontruction brooks. it is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, who was founded in washington, d.c.
andrews county airport, serving the city of saranac lake, is located in balish. the airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey, which has since passed away.
although intrial airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey. he has a runway length of 300.0 and is 678 metres above sea level.
afonso pena international airport, which serves the city of saranac lake, is located in sao jose dos pinhais. the following: the runway length is 300.0.
elliot see, a student at the university of texas in austin, is made of monlish and was completed in 1987. the following contronesiders of "astroned".
the architect of adare manor is in london, but it's birthplace is labour. he has now partment of their birthplace of architect john madin, who designed 103 colmore row.
although indiang marrish language is spoken in the country which is lead by barack obama. he is the location of 250 delaware avenue.
afonso pena international airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is 911 metres above sea level. its runway is named is parring and the length of the runway is 3800.0.
afonso pena international airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is 911 metres above sea level. its runway is named is parring and the length of the runway is 3800.0.
afonso pena international airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by marison county, park. the publish language is spoken in the country and has sing later.
afonso pena international airport, located in sao jose dos pinhais, is operated by marison county, park. the publish language is spoken in the country and has sing later.
afonso pena international airport, which serves the city of saranac lake, is located in bundelish. the airport is 600 metres above sea level and the runway name is "astrant".
although mathorish language is spoken in the country which is lead by lars lokke rasmussen and uses the english language.
